kiss and tell is a 1945 american comedy film starring an american actress who served as what of the united states ?
the hork-bajir chronicles is the second companion book to which science fantasy series of young adult books written by katherine applegate and her husband michael grant ?
where is the author of the 2014 american drama romantic comedy " big stone gap " based ?
2014 s/s was the debut album of which south korean boy group formed in 2013 by yg entertainment and debuted in 2014 ?
who is a bangladeshi-british cultural practitioner , magician , live artist and former international management consultant , management consulting ?
the lewiston maineiacs played its home games at a bank capacity how much ?
annie morton has been photographed by which american fashion photographer ?
what is a fight song of the university of american universities , that is one of the 62 members of the association of american universities ?
the family man is a 2000 american romantic comedy-drama film directed by brett ratner , and starring which screenwriter and director ?
" oh my god " is a song by guns n ' roses released in 1999 on the soundtrack to a film released in what year ?
during the 1995–96 season , manchester united had a player who was drafted in what year ?
what is the 2010 population of the county in which brown state fishing lake is located ?
what conference did the team that competes in the america catamounts men 's soccer team play in ?
roger olaf egeberg , was an american medical educator , administrator and advocate of public health , he was general douglas macarthur 's personal physician during world war ii in ?
who is the most successful mexican driver ?
james cummings cummings , is an american voice actor and singer , who has appeared in almost 400 roles , dr. robotnik from which walt disney musical film ?
the apple remote was originally designed by what apple remote center ?
peter schmeichel is the son of the footballer who was voted what in 1992 ?
" these boots are made for walkin ' was recorded by which american country and pop singer , songwriter , and record producer ?
the 2011–12 vcu rams men 's basketball team represented a university founded in what year ?
the father of henry john kaiser founded a corporation founded by who ?
what 1979 role-playing game is a 1979 role-playing game designed by a fantasy role-playing game designed by ken st. andre ?
" crack up , make love " is a song by american rock band poison , released in which year , it was the first single presented to radio stations ?
l'oiseau blanc was a biplane that was flown by which french ace ?
when did the leader of the socialist revolutionary party die ?
" seven brief lessons on physics " is a short book by an italian physicist who has worked in italy , the united states and since what year ?
the livesey hall war memorial commemorates the fallen of what deadliest military conflict in history in absolute terms of total casualties ?
ralph franklin hefferline was a psychology professor at a university located in what city ?
sachin warrier is a playback singer and composer in the malayalam cinema industry from kerala , his latest work is as a composer for the song " muthuchippi poloru " ?
i s s is a japanese manga series written and illustrated by a manga artist born in what year ?
giuseppe edoardo arimondi , was an italian general , mostly known for his role during the battle of adwa , a decisive defeat for italy and secured what ?
alfred balk served as secretary of which new york governor 's new york governor ?
what is a coastal area of forest , beach and grassland in east lothian , south-east scotland that lies around 2 mi west of edinburgh ?
who sang " to know him is to love him " ?
what is the name of the nobel peace laureates in which mikhail peace laureates took place ?
no . 2 squadron is a royal australian air force ( raaf ) squadron that operates which british first-generation jet-powered medium bomber that was manufactured during the 1950s ?
what is the name of the 14th season for the colorado buffaloes football team ?
euromarché was a french hypermarket chain in a french multinational retailer that is one of the largest hypermarket chains in the world with what ?
the 41st international 500-mile sweepstakes was held at which automobile located in speedway , indiana ?
tosca is a 1956 italian musical film directed by carmine gallone and starring franca duval , it was made at cinecittà in rome , in which italian country ?
who wrote the song on which " on my mind " is a song by ellie goulding ?
marion is a suburb in the city of marion , an independent , uniting church south of adelaide , day and boarding school located where ?
d1nz is a production car drifting series in new zealand , despite similar moniker , the series is related to which driving technique , where the driver intentionally oversteers ?
who is a former professional american football player who played for seven seasons in the national football league ( nfl ) ?
kirton end is a hamlet in a town that had how many inhabitants in 2001 ?
the 1992–93 nba season was the fifth season for the charlotte hornets in the national basketball association , the hornets selected muggsy " muggsy " bogues , an american retired ?
who co-authored a 1979 science-fiction horror film directed by ridley scott that was considered to be one of the best visceral scores ?
" what are little girls made of ? " is episode seven of a nursery dating that has a roud folk song index number of what ?
scott parkin is a founding member of a multinational corporation that has operations in how many countries ?
rose arianna mcgowan , is an italian-born american actress , film producer , director and singer , she is best known to television audiences for having played paige matthews in ?
vince phillips is one of four major organizations recognized by what ?
" i do n't wan na know " is a song by american r & b artist mario winans , re-recorded background vocals by enya and sampling the synthesizer riff ?
" the hard easy " guest starred an actor who is the older brother of what actor/comedian ?
what is the nickname of the cup that wigan athletic 's 86th year in existence their first back ?
what animated television series based on a dc comics fictional superhero team did tara strong star in ?
the 122nd ss-standarte reached the end of a city that had how many inhabitants in 2014 ?
what is a phenomenon in the netherlands that marks the birth of king willem-alexander ?
james gunn directed which 1996 american independent transgressive romantic comedy film ?
who is the president of the united states from 1993 to 2001 that oversaw the preparation of national intelligence estimates for the director of the central intelligence agency ?
who is the american professional surfer that won the event " meo curl pro portugal " ?
what is the middle name of the actress who was charged with murder in galveston bacha ?
alvaro mexia was a 17th-century spanish explorer and cartographer of the east coast of florida , mexia was stationed in st augustine and was given a diplomatic mission to the ?
what country of origin does alfred leach and alfred leach have in common ?
the 1925 birthday honours were made by an emperor born in which year ?
what is the county seat for the county where east lempster , new hampshire is located ?
against the wind is the eleventh album by american rock singer bob seger , an american singer-songwriter , guitarist and pianist , he performed and recorded as who ?
what is the name of the united states supreme court holding employed by the federal government of the united states ?
handi-snacks are a snack food product line sold by mondelez international , which american multinational confectionery , food , and beverage company based in illinois , sold ?
what american activist , television personality , fashion designer , and former white house intern , was featured on their book their lives : the women ?
when was the american lawyer , lobbyist and political consultant born who was previously an adviser to the u.s. presidential campaigns of republicans gerald ford and jared kushner ?
" the russian messenger " is a novel by the russian author fyodor dostoyevsky , first published in the literary journal " the russian messenger " in twelve monthly installments ?
" mrs. bixby and the colonel 's coat " is a short story by a british novelist who sold how many copies worldwide ?
andrew jaspan , ( b b . 20 april 1952 ) british-australian journalist , the co-founder of which independent , not-for-profit media outlet that uses content sourced from the academic ?
the 2002 independent spirit awards was hosted by what american film director who rose to fame in the early 1970s for his transgressive cult films ?
why is there air and why is there air ?
the london review documentary festival ( or lidf ) is an annual documentary film festival that takes place in the months of which british journal of literary essays ?
tysons galleria is located in what county ?
what does bordan tkachuk and bordan tkachuk have in common ?
where is the official representative of the government in the capital city of morocco ?
the mascogos ( also known as " negros mascagos " ) are an afrodescendant group in which city , the group of descendants ?
david huntsinger worked with which american gospel singer and songwriter born on july 6 , 1947 ?
roland " boss " bailey is the brother of a former nfl linebacker who was drafted by the detroit lions in what year ?
the 1964 georgia tech yellow jackets were led by the stadium located at the corner of what body of water ?
what is the name of this irish fine gael politician born 18 january 1979 , who has the leader of fine gael ?
johnny angel stars which american film actor and dancer who is mostly known for his gangster roles in the original " scarface " ?
in what year was the director of " three men on a horse " born ?
what is the profession of the person who detailed the valuation method " owner earnings " ?
when was the former indian cricketer who played all forms of the game for indian national cricket team born ?
the 514th flight test squadron is assigned to a major u.s. air force base named after a prototype of what ?
based on whose eighth studio album , " based on a true story… , " is the eighth studio album of blake shelton ?
flaming feather is a 1952 technicolor western film starring a monument that was built over the course of how much ?
when was the author of " here we go round the mulberry bush " born ?
shellite is an organic compound with the formula that comes from the greek πικρός , meaning " bitter " , and explosive mixture of what type of acid ?
how many tournaments did the professional golfer from argentina won the argentine championship championship ?
suicide is the debut album from the protopunk band suicide appearing on their debut album based on a comics album based on what comics character ?
democracy was introduced in 2010 by the junior what from maryland ?
backford cross is located around which major trunk road in england ?
the magical legend of the leprechauns stars an english actress best known for what role in " the magical legend of the leprechauns " ?
what movie did sarah lee bolger star in that was based on the bestselling book series of the same name by holly black and tony diterlizzi ?
what is the name of the american multinational private equity firm that sponsors maxeda ?
what 2017 american supernatural horror film did cressida curzon star in ?
mummulgum is a small rural village that lies on the banks of what river that is situated at the junction of bruxner highway and the summerland way ?
which american audio engineer and clandestine chemist recorded " old and in the way " recorded 8 october 1973 at the boarding house in san francisco ?
columba de dunbar was bishop of moray from 1422 until his death at the founding of a palace that dates back to which century ?
the market theater gum wall used to bubblegum alley in which u.s. state ?
the 2012 louisville cardinals played their home games at the college in what new orleans superdome ?
who developed the game in which alice david played the voice of the french dub of lara croft ?
" the monster " is a song by american rapper eminem , featuring guest vocals from barbadian singer rihanna , taken from which eminem 2 album ?
david ayer is best known for being the writer of what 2005 american crime film set in south los angeles ?
supermansion stars an american comedian who is best known for her recurring roles as what character on " workaholics " ?
the 1974 texas tech red raiders football team represented what public research university in lubbock , texas ?
marshal of bharatpore was a siege that took place in the indian state that took place under what name ?
the company that produced the 1974 christmas stop motion animated television special was illustrated by an american production company known for what ?
what year did nat wolff star in the fault in our stars ?
sexual politics is a 1970 book by an american feminist writer who attended oxford university and attended what university ?
the discovery institute is best known for its advocacy of a principle which promotes what discovery ?
battle beyond the sun is the english-dubbed and re-edited u.s. version of what 1959 soviet science fiction film that was directed by george edwards and samuel z. arkoff ?
marco da silva , is a portuguese dancer and choreographer , his experience as a dancer includes several tours by which american singer , actress and television personality ?
the maiwand lion is sometimes known locally as the forbury lion , an english local newspaper covering reading , berkshire and surrounding areas , until what year ?
aonghus mór mac domhnaill ( died c.1293 ) was a leading figure in the thirteenth-century kingdoms of the isles and scotland , at the time , the rulers of the ?
bruce spizer was recognized as an expert on what english rock band that was formed in liverpool in 1960 ?
" chattahoochee " is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist alan jackson , it peaked at # 2 on the country charts for two weeks ?
when was the original majority owner of the baltimore orioles established ?
the lewis lamp is a type of light fixture used in lighthouses , it was invented by who , which kind of oil lamp used in lighthouses ?
when harry met sally ... is the soundtrack to the movie " when harry met sally ... " , an american singer who has sold how many top20 ?
in which country was the 2014 world cup for men 's national football teams held ?
which cosmetics retailer is headquartered in poole , dorset , united kingdom ?
old trafford is an area of what english football club that is based in old trafford , greater manchester ?
" chim chim cher-ee " is a song from an attraction that debuted with the park on may 1 , what ?
who was born first , kathy bishop or bronwyn kathleen bishop ?
who was born first , frank p. p. lowy or frank p. lowy ?
what is the name of the affluent planned community in the las vegas valley of nevada where faith lutheran middle school & high school is located ?
the 16th annual young hollywood awards were hosted by which british singer-songwriter and fashion designer ?
sean yseult is an american rock musician that plays bass and an american rock and roll band who is married to what white zombie bassist ?
melarsomine is marketed by a federal agency that is funded by the pharmaceutical companies due to what act ?
bishop carroll catholic high school is located in which private , four year , co-educational , secondary school ?
which 58th quadrennial american presidential election , held on march 8 , 2016 , held the 2016 michigan democratic primary election on march 8 , 2017 ?
togodumnus ( d. ad 43 ) was a historical king of the british catuvellauni tribe at the time of which organization , he can probably be identified ?
q " is for quarry " is the 17th novel in sue grafton 's " alphabet " series of mystery novels and features kinsey millhone , a contemporary eye based ?
where was the senator who represented new york 's 1st state senate born ?
according to the 2010 census , what was the population of the city in which memphis hustle is based ?
pasek and paul won a golden globe and academy award for best original song for the song written by whom ?
what local government area is located in the hunter region of new south wales , australia , located east of tuggerah lake and bordering the pacific ocean south ?
what type of art did this museum , which has a finnish graphic artist and painter , design ?
the leda is a river in north-western germany in the state of lower saxony , a west germanic language spoken between what centuries ?
who was born first , british people , or sir matthew alistair ?
what country are both hatton hill and hatton hill located in ?
what is the name of the weekly podcast hosted by the chief executive officer of nerdist industries ?
randall cunningham ii was a high jumper for a roman catholic school located in what city ?
" see you without you " was a song by which english musician ?
what is the nationality of the nhl team that won the 60th national hockey league all-star game ?
what year did james dean star in an american anthology series ?
general kuvira , is a fictional character and a character in " the legend of korra " , created by michael dante dimartino and michael dante dimartino as a sequel ?
who directed the 2009 american science fiction action film in which michael carlyle hall won a golden globe award for his role ?
ralph garman is an american actor , comedian , and radio host best known as the host of which travel parody series ?
tefik selim mborja served as the general secretary of a fascist organization active until what year ?
joe walker played college football at what college football team for the university of oregon ?
" marry me a little , marry me a little more " is a double-length episode of an american sitcom that originally aired on which broadcasting company ?
georges-henri bousquet was a professor of law at the university of algiers where ?
ravi sethi is best known as one of three authors of an american research and scientific development company whose headquarters are located in what new jersey city ?
yi guan is the current director of the timeline of the 2002–04 outbreak of what ?
dim gray bar press included what american novelist , poet , environmental activist , cultural critic , and farmer ?
1920 is a 2008 indian horror film written and directed by vikram bhatt , it is directed by vikram bhatt , bhushan patel and who ?
robert smith was a u.s. representative from a company headquartered in what city ?
son of al qaeda was an associate of a canadian citizen who was settled in 2017 with what ?
kathantara ( odia : କଥାନ୍ତର , english " another story " ) is a 2007 indian oriya language disaster film directed by himansu khatua , a story of tribulations of ?
this 2000 british crime comedy film written and directed by guy ritchie debuted on what network on 16 march 2017 ?
chris williams is an english semi-professional footballer who last played for what professional football club in the kersal area of salford , greater manchester , england ?
the 1991 mr. olympia contest was held at a resort hotel designed by who ?
how many awards were received by the co-hosts for the american police sitcom " brooklyn nine-nine " ?
who starred with lester burnham in the 1999 film american beauty : music from the original motion picture soundtrack ?
what rapper , born in saint james , trinidad , returned to host twelfth season of " american idol ? " ?
who was born first , kalākaua judd or kalākaua judd ?
which star of justice league was born on april 30 , 1985 ?
who was the captain of the second ship of the united states navy ?
the polar bears is a 2012 3d computer animated short film starring an american actor who played the voice of who in 2017 ?
in 2011 , kent county cricket club competed in division two of the county championship , group a of the 40-over clydesdale bank 40 and the south group of the ?
the 1984 tennessee volunteers football team played their home games at an american college athletic conference headquartered where ?
major ernest leslie was the best friend of the flying ace with how many victories ?
farrukhzad khosrau , briefly king of the sasanian empire from march 631 to april 631 , was the last period of the persian empire , which succeeded who ?
beverly marshall is a fictional character from the australian soap opera neighbours , she was a doctor and was jim robinson 's second wife , she made a cameo appearance ?
gerald reive achieved wins against which unitary parliamentary democracy with eleven administrative divisions ?
elizabeth claire kemper ( born may 2 , 1980 ) is an american actress and comedian , she was cast in a leading role as kimmy schmidt in the netflix ?
bad news starred the english actor who also appeared in what series of films throughout the 1980s and 1990s ?
when did the primary leader of the u.s. army die ?
samuel sim is a film and television composer , he has written the music for which 2007 american conspiracy thriller film , written and directed by joby harold ?
the shiners ' war was a conflict between irish catholic immigrants and which ethnic group , in bytown from 1835 to 1845 ?
the thing of it is ... is a 1967 novel written by william goldman about a man who is of what nationality ?
the øresund is connected by the bridge that runs nearly how many miles from the swedish coast ?
pat hingle was a close friend of the actor who appeared in what western tv series ?
mark james 's palace is located in what london palace that is also home of several other important appendant orders of freemasonry in england and wales ?
maurice ward was a former hairdresser from an english inventor best known for his invention of what ?
one of the tallest skyscrapers in the city of singapore is located in what city ?
the darling 's waterfront pavilion is located within what queen of maine ?
children 's mercy park ( formerly sporting park and livestrong sporting park ) is a soccer-specific stadium in kansas city , kansas , united states , and is the home ?
henry hall was an american from a group of evergreen dwarf shrubs found in what bogs ?
the strip search phone call scam is a series of incidents that extended over a period of about ten years before an arrest was made in 2004 , the incidents ?
american airlines shuttle serves which international airport located in the east boston neighborhood of boston , massachusetts , united states ?
frank thomas ' big hurt is pinball designed by what american former baseman ?
" something there " is a song written by lyricist howard ashman and composer alan menken , sung by which american actress , singer and painter ?
greatest sports legends is a sports anthology series on the lives and careers of noted athletes , first aired in 1972 , the series was produced , with athlete hosts ?
salisbury woodland gardens is an open space located in the east of blackpool , flanked by east park drive and woodside drive and linking blackpool zoo with stanley park ?
apratim majumdar ( born 1978 ) is an indian classical musician from kolkata , india , he plays the sarod ( or sarode ) , a stringed instrument of india ?
who directed a 2004 american dark comedy that stars jamie harris ?
harry prowell a.a. is the only guyanese ever to compete in a track that consists of how many laps ?
yoann lemoine is a french music video director whose most notable works include music video direction for a song written and recorded by what american singer/songwriter ?
what is the name of the mall that is owned by simon property group ?
sky vision , is a series of chinese uavs developed by beijing sky , and some of which twelve major subdivisions of inner mongolia , china ?
spirit halloween llc is based in a mall with how many stores ?
james fieser received his b.a . from what liberal arts college ?
along the navajo trail , was an american western , released in which year , and directed by frank mcdonald ?
mountbatten-windsor is the personal surname used in what branch of the german princely battenberg family ?
who created the 10-episode documentary television series in which james burke appeared ?
armageddon in retrospect is a collection of short stories and essays about war and peace written by an american writer most famous for his darkly what ?
patrick kennedy was born in one of the provinces of ireland in what location ?
sean connor ( born 12 july 1967 ) is a former footballer and manager , he had a brief playing career which included spells at distillery , port vale ?
what character in the drama " romeo and juliet " is an unsuccessful peacemaker in the play " romeo montague " ?
the flowers of romance was an early punk band , formed in mid-1976 by jo faull and sarah hall , who interviewed which english bassist and vocalist ?
anabolic/androgenic steroids are drugs that are obtained from the male hormone , testosterone , and others similar effects to testosterone , anabolic steroids are in many ways by increasing protein ?
which star of episode 8 was born august 4 , 1942 ?
who is the lead singer of lady antebellum ?
according to the 2007 census , what was the population of the city in which the national library and library of ethiopia was located ?
night ferry is an orchestral composition in one movement by which music complex located at 220 south michigan avenue in the loop area of chicago , illinois ?
what aircraft carrier was the primary recovery carrier for bear fighting squadron 213 ?
what is a 2004 american action superhero film loosely based on the dc comics character of the same name , produced by actress jennifer hale ?
how many miles from windsor studios is the british film and television studio which has principal photography for the film " principal photography " in 1995 ?
grease : the new broadway cast recording features performances from the cast of which american actress and singer ?
marion c. greene was a health policy analyst for a company that had how many principal operations ?
in what city was the man who wrote a set of sonatas , op . 5 born ?
charles m. van artsdalen was born in what haleiwa on the north shore of o'ahu in the hawaiian islands at the mouth of the waimea river ?
eugene habecker is the 30th president of taylor university and chairman of an magazine that is based in carol stream , and is an what ?
which star of flyboys was born april 19 , 1978 ?
death in paradise stars an actor who played what character in " death in paradise " ?
the us national transportation safety board was a scheduled scheduled flight for a former officer born in which year ?
i 'd come for you was written by the band formed in what canadian city ?
what is the italian professional racing driver that won the 1998 toyota grand prix of long beach ?
where was the constituent college of the university founded in 1284 by hugo de balsham educated at ?
what is the name of the 1997 american mystery crime film based on don stanford 's short story " the hostage " that john mark galecki appeared in ?
the 1999 st. louis rams season was the team 's 62nd year and their 31st in the national football league , it was the team 's second being known as ?
what is the population of the town that interstate 81 stretches from ?
salvatore " salvie " testa , nicknamed crowned prince of which italian american criminal organization based in philadelphia , pennsylvania ?
jean baptiste androuet du cerceau designed what supervisor of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth from 1573 to 1575 ?
back up , dancer was written by which american singer and actress ?
ss " general von steuben was a german passenger liner and later an armed transport in the kriegsmarine of nazi germany , she was a prussian and later an american ?
what is the most populous island of the island in which the church of the guanche people is located ?
the second anglo–afghan war , was a military conflict fought between the british raj and the emirate of afghanistan from 1878 to 1880 , when the latter was ruled by ?
the oikos community college shooting occurred on october 1 , 2015 , when a gunman shot at people inside oikos university , a korean christian college in oakland , california ?
" all join hands " is a song by an english glam rock band that rose to prominence during what decade ?
hungry horse is a chain of 225 pub-restaurants in england , the uk 's largest pub retailer and brewer , based in which location ?
when did the authors of " young teen novels " often define ?
when was the english actress starred in revengers tragedy born ?
which 2009 british-american drama film did patrick tatten star in ?
in what year was the star of the film " marlene " born ?
which town in greater manchester in north west england was restored in 1905 by jonathan simpson for lord leverhulme ?
a hot air engine closed may be based on a number of thermodynamic cycles encompassing both open cycle devices such as which prolific english engineer ?
" making today a perfect day " is a song from an american animation film that was released in what year ?
adventures of superman is an american television series sponsored by an american multinational food manufacturing company headquartered where ?
robson & jerome is the debut studio album by british singing duo robson & jerome , it was released in the uk in 1995 , adele surpassed the record when ?
" ew ! " is a song by an american rapper born in what city ?
northumbrian , a dialect of old english spoken in the anglian kingdom of northumbria , was a medieval anglian kingdom in what location ?
lake louisvilla is a neighborhood partially located in louisville , kentucky , it is located in which county located in the commonwealth of kentucky ?
the voice of ireland is an irish reality talent show , the fourth series of the programme premiered on 4 january 2015 on rté one , kathryn thomas returned as ?
what sport does liu ailing and fifa women 's world cup have in common ?
in what year was the author of " rock springs " born ?
in what city was the band that produced " folie à deux " formed ?
" dostoevsky and parricide " is an introductory article contributed by sigmund freud to a scholarly collection by what athenian tragedy ?
who was born first , chrisann brennan or chrisann brennan ?
which fictional recurring characters in the animated television series " the simpsons " is voiced by daniel louis castellaneta ?
" power " is a song from which fifth studio album by american rapper kanye west ?
what is the nickname of the capital city in which yunnan provincial museum is located ?
b boy was a song by the hip hop artist who was raised in what city ?
the column of saint zanobi is located just north of a building that has the status of what ?
ingerophrynus gollum ( gollum 's toad ) is a species of true toad , it has only been recorded from endau-rompin national park , in which year ?
mattel v. mca records , 296 f.3d 894 ( 9th cir . 2002 ) , was a series of lawsuits between mattel and mca records that resulted from the 1997 ?
mamie gummer starred in the title role of an american legal and political drama television series that aired on what network ?
what country are kamran akmal and kamran akmal from ?
what is the seating capacity of the stadium in which charles utter is noted as the designer ?
what song by an american pop rock band that originated in los angeles , california , was the third single from the band 's upcoming sixth studio album ?
happy death day stars an american actress who appeared in what 2017 film ?
the hume–adams dialogue was a series of talks between which irish republican leader ?
the naval chapel at garden island dockyard is the oldest christian chapel of a naval branch of what force ?
what is the population of the town in which július satinský died ?
john fabyan parrott graduated from which village in putnam county , new york ?
the sum of all fears is a best-selling thriller novel by tom clancy and part of which fictional character created by tom clancy ?
wheat salad is a salad of what plant that is commonly known as a tomato plant ?
the informant ! , released in which year , is a american biographical-comedy-crime film directed by steven soderbergh ?
small town boy was the second single from the album released on what date ?
what type of person does antonio bley and antonio bley have in common ?
bartlett 's bridge is a historic stone arch bridge carrying a city and the county seat of what county ?
gargoyles the movie " the heroes awaken " is a direct-to-video animated film with a pilot who have been transported from medieval scotland in what city ?
who produced the movie that chris mckay worked on as animation co-director on ?
waterloo vase has been used as a garden ornament in the garden of the administrative headquarters of what monarch ?
in which county is the city in which scott sandelin is the head coach located ?
you 'll be in my heart , is a song by which 1999 american animated drama adventure film , from the 1999 disney animated feature " tarzan " ?
what type of media does j. t. petty and outlast have in common ?
edmund sharpe , was an english architect , architectural historian , railway engineer , and sanitary reformer , following his graduation from which former governor of knutsford ?
tim hecker is an electronic musician and sound artist , canada , canada , his latest album was which sixth studio album , released on february 14 , 2011 ?
what fortune 500 american company sponsored an american television show that aired on tbs in 2003 ?
ivory lee brown is the uncle of an american football running back who became the first what in the heisman trophy ?
dance dance dance ( ダンス・ダンス・ダンス , dansu dansu dansu ) is the sixth novel , it was a sequel to murakami 's novel " a wild sheep chase " ?
erica georgia was the second wife of which australian businessman and investor ?
what country is home to both eccles and greater ?
heading to the ground starred which south korean singer , actor , and a member of the pop duo tvxq ?
what year was the film , in which shashaa tirupati is the voice behind , released ?
for one night only is an irish light entertainment show hosted by an irish presenter most notable role was first host of what ?
roscoe h. channing , jr. ( january 7 , 1868 – april 1 , 1961 ) was an all-american football player , member of the rough riders and mining executive ?
jens risom , was a danish american furniture designer , risom was one of the first designers to introduce which movement , in the united states ?
rich lee directed which 2005 american occult detective film ?
the eighth wonder of the world is an unofficial title sometimes given to new buildings , structures , projects , or even designs that are deemed to what ?
the 1994 fa women 's cup final was played in a stadium that was between doncaster belles and who ?
innocent records was a pop record label created to cater to for emi 's virgin records more pop oriented acts , following the success of the spice girls , in ?
what is a national historic district located near cold spring in putnam county , new york , united states ?
the man who won the hugo award for best novel in 1963 appeared in a 1967 science fiction novel by what author ?
curt menefee , is an american sportscaster who is the host of the fox network 's nfl show " fox nfl sunday " , his co-hosts are ?
the bay of pigs invasion , was a failed military invasion of cuba undertaken by the central intelligence agency ( cia ) -sponsored paramilitary group brigade 2506 , on 17 ?
" dead but rising " is a song by a band formed in which city ?
summer of the monkeys is a 1976 children 's novel written by an american newspaper editor who became a spokesman for what ?
war chhod na yaar was written by which indian film actress ?
what type of film is this 2005 south korean horror film , starring the fourth installment of the " whispering corridors " film series set in girls ?
which actor who appeared in alice upside down was born on november 23 , 1984 ?
matilda lutz starred in the 2017 horror film directed by whom ?
edith walks is a 2017 documentary film that includes contributions from a parish church of the town of waltham abbey , where ?
the devils is a play , commissioned by which sir , who was an eminent english theatre , opera and film director ?
ernst heinrich lindemann , was the commander of which battleship , and the first of two " bismarck " -class battleship , in july of 1936 ?
ashley jack young is the younger brother of a professional footballer who plays for what team ?
snowdrop is a proprietary game engine created by ubisoft for a video game developed by what company ?
wendy ayche was featured in the video series created by whom ?
john roddick russell was educated at the university that was established by whom ?
frank lee beard , is the drummer in which american rock band , who played a psychedelic style of blues rock music influenced by the 13th floor elevators ?
when was the indian actor who starred in " mera damad " best known for his work in hindi films born ?
jeep cherokee is a line of vehicles sold by jeep under various vehicle classes , originally sold as a variant of the popular jeep wagoneer , the nameplate has been ?
the mississippi institute of arts and letters is a privately funded foundation created to recognize an american soprano born where ?
kgot ( 101.3 fm ) is a commercial top 40 ( chr ) radio station in which city , the largest enclosed mall in the state of alaska ?
jason gilbert produced the hip hop duo who composed of what detroit-based rappers ?
jacques mathou is a french actor , best known for his appearance in a french post-apocalyptic black comedy film released in north america as what ?
what is the nationality of the actor who starred with doris duranti and massimo girotti in fugitive in trieste ?
marine tactical electronic warfare training squadron 1 is based in the irish mythology of what family ?
barbara niven was the leading role in the canadian drama film directed by whom ?
krusty shmoikel pinchas yerucham krustofsky , better known as krusty the clown , is a cartoon character in the animated television series " the simpsons " ' seventh season ?
what is a shopping mall located in rotterdam , new york , united states that has a regional shopping center that is currently owned by macerich properties ?
the 2000–01 nba season was the timberwolves ' 12th season in the national basketball association , after the death of malik sealy , the timberwolves scrambled to find a replacement ?
what is the population of the city that marietta air force station is located in ?
shadows in flight is a science fiction novel by a series of science fiction books that consists of how many novels ?
mike cavan is what relation to the southern methodist university 's football team ?
the nab afl rising star award is given annually to a stand out young player in the australian football league , the award was won by jesse hogan of melbourne ?
las vegas festival is located north of a hotel owned and operated by who ?
what is a 136 mi river that flows from kingsport , tennessee , to knoxville , tennessee , to knoxville , tennessee ?
what is the nationality of the politician who represented the congleton constituency in 2010 ?
" a rickle in time " is the first episode in the second season of a tv sitcom directed by who ?
james ross bartel is a former australian rules footballer who played in what club won by jimmy bartel ?
how long is the river on which frenchmans creek is located ?
where is the public high school that tyler kalinoski was born in located in ?
ambrose mendy has managed and/or advised by a british professional boxer who is ranked as the world 's second best super middleweight by what magazine ?
who was born first , ann wigmore or ann wigmore ?
the allen & company sun valley conference has taken place in what city and state ?
what president did the 41st president of the united states inaugurated as president of the united states ?
what 1951 book written by clellan s. ford and frank a. beach , pioneered research into the nature of human sexual response and was pioneered in 1977 ?
gryphon starred which actor who was best known as benny in l.a. law ?
" the age of not believing " is a song written by robert and richard sherman for which 1971 walt disney musical film production ?
michael " mick " carter is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera " eastenders " , played by danny dyer , making his first appearance in the show ?
brian manion appeared in what american television thriller anthology series produced by universal television ?
phoenix hong kong channel is one of the six channels that operates which hong kong–based , cayman islands registered ?
in addition to directing the 2007 american zombie film directed by robert rodriguez , what planet did earl mcgraw star in ?
what was the nickname of the father of shreemant chimaji ballal peshwa ?
what was held between three senior members of the presidential campaign of donald trumpdonald trump jr. , jared kushner , and paul manafortand at least five other people ?
the 1st virginia regiment saw action at the battle that led to the departure of which royal governor ?
patricia longo is a fictional character in what 2012 argentine telenovela ?
what did the second son of queen elizabeth ii and prince philip blair cvo rn ?
ogallala , nebraska is the county seat of what shallow water table ?
the goddess of germanic mythology consists of norse mythology consists of tales of what ?
julian bolling is the son of which first edition of south asian games ?
william hale john charles pery , 3rd earl of salisbury kp , pc , dl , jp ( 17 january 1840 – 8 august 1896 ) , styled viscount glentworth ?
william " willie " dominick cammisano sr. was a kansas city , missouri , mobster and enforcer for nicholas civella 's crime family , also known as civella crime family ?
the 1956 vfl night premiership cup was the first season of which inner suburb of melbourne , australia , 3 km south of melbourne 's central business district ?
the 2008 summer olympic games were held in what decade ?
blinding edge pictures is an american film production company , founded in 2000 by m. night shyamalan , which is known for producing films written by what shyamalan ?
raymond ochoa is an american child actor and voice actor , he appeared in a 2015 american 3d computer-animated comedy-drama adventure film set on which young ?
celebrity home entertainment released which 1980s american space western animated series ?
elephantidae is the only surviving family of the order proboscidea and other extinct , members of the order include deinotheres , gomphotheres , mammoths , and mastodons in what means ?
who directed the 2004 romantic comedy film in which kam heskin played paige morgan ?
lucy elizabeth fry , is an australian actress , and is known for portraying zoey in which 2016 american horror film , directed by bruce beresford ?
what type of media does ithu engal neethi and shoba chandrasekhar have in common ?
claudio fernández-aráoz is a senior adviser of a firm that offers services and expertise in the fields of what ?
the irish catholic bishops ' conference is a consultative body for what part of the worldwide catholic church in communion with the pope ?
bridge to terabithia was written by katherine o'toole and another who ?
who is the co-host of the nbc news show " morning joe " who is currently the co-host of " morning joe " on msnbc ?
the 2006 miami hurricanes football team represented the university of miami during 2006 ncaa division , which american football coach and former player , from 2001 to 2006 ?
shepardson microsystems , inc. was a small company producing operating systems and programming languages for the atari 8-bit family of home computers , it was programmed by who ?
" i 've been working " is a song written by northern irish singer-songwriter van morrison appearing versions of a studio album released by who ?
hate them is the ninth album by norwegian black metal band , darkthrone , a norwegian heavy metal band , are likened to who ?
voltaire in love was written by the mathematician who most recognized her translation of what ?
the detroit mayoral elections of 2009 took place on may 5 , 2009 , with a primary on february 24 , 2009 , fill the vacancy created when ?
when was the club founded that stephen clark clark is a central midfielder ?
what is a 2012 action-adventure platform game created by british indie studio smudged cat games , that has a puzzle-platform video game developed and published by valve corporation ?
who produced the hormone that promotes sodium retention in the distal nephron ?
what percentage of the 100 seats in the united states will be seen in the 2018 united states elections ?
the boy next door is a 2003 album by which american jazz singer ?
what is the year of the event that occured first , charlotte shorts was born , or charlotte williams was born ?
mercedes-amg gmbh is now a wholly owned subsidiary of a driver who was contracted by the amg team to compete in touring cars in what ?
during the 2009 cleveland browns season , george kokinis was fired during a division that adopted its current name in what year ?
ronald vaughan " ron " joyce co-founded a canadian multinational fast food restaurant that had how many inhabitants in 2016 ?
anthony avent was born in a city that is approximately 8 miles west of what ?
the 2017 us open was the fourth and final grand slam event of the year , it was held on outdoor hard courts at the usta billie jean king national ?
who was born first , ronald reagan or walt zeboski ?
kim dae-woo was an accomplished screenwriter of a 2006 south korean period drama film about who ?
where was the painter of the buttered cat paradox born ?
boac flight 911 crashed with severe clear-air turbulence near a mid-sized , long-range , narrow-body jet airliner that have how many passengers ?
when was the father of elizabeth hay , countess of erroll born ?
pentastar : in the style of demons is the third full-length studio album by a two-door car that was manufactured during what years ?
the honda ballade is a subcompact automobile built by honda of japan , the honda cr-x , originally launched as which sports sports cr-x ?
the waynflete professorships are four professorial fellowships at the university of oxford endowed by which one of the constituent colleges of the university of oxford ?
what is the name of the botanical garden in southwest london that houses the " largest and most diverse botanical and mycological collections in the world " ?
" numb " is a song by barbadian singer rihanna , from her seventh studio album " unapologetic " ( 2012 ) , it features guest vocals from barbadian singer ?
christopher oscar peña is the co-writer of the golden globe nominated at an entertainment-industry brand aimed at what ?
what country of origin does hostage for a day and john candy have in common ?
the original argentine national anthem was published by what week-long series of events that took place from may 18 to 25 , 1810 ?
inside the electric circus is the third studio album , released in which year , by heavy metal band w.a.s.p. , an american songwriter and musician ?
freebooters f.c was an association football club from sandymount , their highest achievement was reaching the irish cup final of which gaa stadium located in dublin , ireland ?
which epic metro-goldwyn-mayer film did edward carfagno star in ?
music for electric metronomes is an avant-garde aleatoric composition written in 1960 by which japanese composer of avant-garde music ?
joey d. stewart is a retired united states marine corps major general , who was appointed as superintendent of the united states merchant marine academy , one of the five ?
james spedding was the editor of the works of the philosopher who served whom ?
ego the living planet is a fictional character appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics , ego the living planet is a fictional character appearing in american comic ?
what scandal involving the federal administration of canada was originally established as an effort to raise awareness of the government of canada 's contributions to quebec industries ?
conrad anker was an american mountaineer who took part in the first three british expeditions to what team ?
the duke steps out is a 1929 silent film starring an american actress who began her career as a dancer and stage showgirl in what year ?
what is the name of the electronic drum machine introduced in 1989 by a property of musical instruments that means that they can play multiple notes simultaneously ?
iselin løken solheim ( born 20 june 1990 ) is a norwegian singer and songwriter , known for her vocals in alan walker 's singles " faded " and " ?
luke null , is an american actor , comedian , and singer , who currently works as a cast member on " saturday night live " , having joined the ?
julie frost is an american songwriter , singer , guitar player and music producer , she 's known for his 2015 song " see you again " , he co-wrote ?
the guild of music supervisors awards were written among the winners of what ceremony ?
annie caputo is currently serving as senior policy advisor for a man who was the current president of the united states in what year ?
in which city is this australian rules football club based , for which jack evans played football ?
when was the english inventor who developed the subsidiary of the hot bulb engine born ?
will brodie is a professional australian rules footballer playing for a sports complex located where ?
cardinal pole catholic school is a mixed , voluntary aided secondary school named after what english cardinal of the roman catholic church ?
what is the name of the building designed by jörgen smit that was designed by rudolf steiner ?
in what year was the actress who played margaret ryan " dogwoman " born ?
what is a public community college located approximately halfway between harrisburg and equality in saline county , illinois , united states ?
phyllocnistis liquidambarisella is what type of moth ?
what award was given to the 1984 science fiction novel by american-canadian writer william gibson ?
the prevalence of drug use in the philippines is lower than the global average , according to the united nations office on drugs and crime ( unodc ) ?
el ardiente secreto ( english the impassioned secret ) is a telenovela based on a novel published under which pen name ?
in the 2012–13 season , sion competes in the swiss super league and another swiss footballer who plays as a forward for what club ?
wavn is a gospel formatted broadcast radio station licensed to which city in desoto county , mississippi , united states ?
the azad hind dal was created by an indian nationalist whose attempt during what war ?
stripped is the title of a stand-up comedy tour by which english stand-up comedian , actor , writer and political activist ?
" magic bus " is a song written by pete townshend during the time that " my generation " was recorded when ?
which member of india 's well known sitar maestros helped introduce indian classical music to the west ?
who was born first , james maclane or james g. kiernan ?
the adoption 2002 initiative was a program instituted in the united states during the late 1990s by which administration , during the late 1990s ?
gualdo tadino cathedral is dedicated to the patron saint of what country ?
bob simmons was the head football coach for which team in boulder colorado ?
who wrote the greek tragedy that starred madge ryan ?
when did the american comedy film starring the actress who played elena gilbert in " crash pad " premier ?
the cotai arena is an indoor arena , located on the premises of a luxury hotel and casino resort in macau owned by what company ?
" all of the lights " is a song by american rapper kanye west , as the fourth single , from which fifth studio album ?
the company that wrote the book " the company they keep " was founded in what university ?
where is the team that held the kiribati national basketball team located ?
when was the fifth major release of mac os x 's macos released ?
the first easter rabbit 's book was a children 's book written by whom ?
" ms. knope goes to washington " is an american political comedy television sitcom starring amy poehler as who ?
who was born first , lorenzo monaco or lorenzo monaco ?
the 2011 la manga cup was won by what norwegian football club from the town of kristiansand ?
red is the fourth studio album by american singer-songwriter taylor swift whose tour began on what date in nebraska , nebraska ?
the chicago institute for psychoanalysis is a center for psychoanalytic research that have been associated with an american psychiatrist who served as professor of psychiatry at what university ?
the chicagoland sports hall of fame operated under a brewery located in what city ?
" ca n't fight the moonlight " was the theme song of which greatest hits album by leann rimes ?
my secret hotel stars a south korean actress who rose to fame as the lead actress in what 2012 film ?
the philosopher who wrote the book " thoughts on machiavelli " was born in what country ?
unbelievable is a song by american rapper the notorious b.i.g. , recorded for his debut studio album ready to die , released on which date ?
daniel austin keenum ( born march 17 , 1987 ) is an american football quarterback for the minnesota vikings of the national football league ( nfl ) , and has ?
who was the king of northumbria from circa to the death of eadred lulisc ?
the authorship of " titus andronicus " has been debated since the late 17th century. that included well-attested contemporary documentation on what ?
who was born first , fantasy records or vincent guaraldi ?
when was the british civil servant who founded the congo reform association born ?
the central african republic is bordered by the countries of what area ?
the violin sonata no . 5 in f major , opus 24 , is a violin sonata by which symphony in four movements composed by ludwig van beethoven between 1811 ?
the original house of pies is an american restaurant chain , started for international house of pancakes , copper penny coffee shops , orange julius , and others , orange ?
red mountain is a 1951 western historical film , starring alan ladd , set in the last days of the us civil war , the plot centers on an attempt ?
the black movie awards starring cedric kyles was released in what year ?
the saab 36 was a supersonic bomber planned by saab during the 1950s , the aircraft was intended to be able to carry an 800 kg free-falling nuclear weapon ?
auguste brancart published translations of english pornography such as the late 19th-century artistic and literary movement centered in what region ?
what english actress starred in the 1930 british drama film caste ?
crush 's coaster is a spinning roller coaster at walt disney studios park in disneyland paris , it is themed to which disney-pixar film ?
when was the american actor born who became the president of relativity media with kevin spacey ?
" arizona " is a song written by which american musician , best known as the lead singer of paul revere & the raiders ?
who was the director of the 2006 american supernatural horror film in which sam raimi appeared ?
north american aviation ( naa ) was a major american aerospace manufacturer , responsible for a number of historic aircraft , including which american single-engined advanced trainer aircraft used to ?
david t. beito , is a historian and professor of history at the university of alabama , and is the author of " taxpayers in revolt : tax resistance during ?
lucas silva was an unused reserve runner for an athletics track that first is run in what event in lanes ?
in what year was the actress who starred with brittany snow and rumer willis in the film streak born ?
watercliffe meadow community primary school is a primary school in which school used to describe the avoidance of language or actions that are seen as excluding , marginalizing , or ?
muz-tv is a russian music tv channel owned by a russian language free-to-air 24-hour music operated by who ?
who was the father of the 17th president of the united states ?
the 38th international 500-mile sweepstakes was held at an automobile racing circuit located on what street ?
" at long last leave " is the fourteenth episode of " the simpsons " ' twenty-third season , they briefly come across their neighbor julian assange , who created ?
moneybomb was coined by an author who was the first chairman of what conservative pac citizens ?
bj 's wholesale club is an international optometric dispensary chain whose majority majority of these locations are leased to approximately how many locations ?
the lochmere archeological district is a large archeological area on the banks of the winnipesaukee river in belknap county , new hampshire , the site was occupied in historic times ?
it 's alive was a swedish glam-style funk metal band , it 's known as ?
" freaky like me " is an english language song by a norwegian musical duo formed in what year ?
the treaty of springwells was an agreement between the united states and the wyandot , delaware , seneca , miami , and potawatomi indians , ending the conflict between the ?
what is the name of the hotel that is connected to the orange county convention and is connected to the peabody memphis hotel ?
cudjoe , was a maroon leader in jamaica during the time of nanny of the maroons , he was born into the asante people in what is today ?
when was the college that dick biddle served as head football coach located ?
who was born first , flynn rider or flynn rider ?
georgia rickard is an australian-born journalist , magazine editor , author and media commentator , her work has appeared in magazines and newspapers across numerous publications and globally , for ?
who starred in the 2010 canadian television movie vacation with derek and ashley leggat ?
jin jing was a paralympic fencer . she gained national fame in china because of the incident involving which french multinational retailer headquartered in boulogne billancourt , france ?
lucifer the lightbearer was an individualist anarchist journal published by a local branch of what ?
berk communication and marketing group is an american public relations firm best known for representing d'usse cognac , an american professional baseball pitcher for what team ?
ballarat bitter is a style of beer traditionally sold in what australian beer ?
the worst journey in the world was written by what english explorer of antarctica ?
the panel of striding lion was constructed by the eighth gate to the inner city of what body of water ?
in what city is alice könig lectures in located in ?
vincent kling is an american scholar and translator of german literature and later taught at which university in germany , under a fulbright scholarship ?
my girlfriend is a 2010 south korean romantic comedy television series starring lee seung-gi and shin min-ah , it aired on which channel ?
the bangles are an american pop rock band formed in los angeles in 1981 , their hits include which japanese heavy metal band originally formed as flatbacker ?
who is the founder of the weekly newspaper that the blackpool gazette is based in ?
chalk and cheese starred which english actor and comedian ?
what is the nationality of the co-executive producer of e ! hollywood hold'em ?
sir johnston forbes-robertson ( 16 january 1853 – 6 november 1937 ) was an english actor and theatre manager , he was considered the finest hamlet of the victorian era ?
thomas matthew " tom " chappell is an american businessman and manufacturer and co-founder of a brandname and manufacturer of what ?
what american comedian , born march 21 , 1962 , starred in the 1993 american romantic comedy-drama film " sleepless in seattle " ?
who is older , urijah faber or urijah faber ?
the lady lever art gallery is set in the garden village of port sunlight , close to an english industrialist who sat as a lord in what ?
what role did thomas doherty play in the british musical drama sitcom that premiered in the united kingdom on disney channel on 23 september 2016 ?
the biggest selling multi-format video games in the united kingdom publishes how many issues of the magazine per year ?
when was the american comedian , actress , and writer born who was a star in both " brooklyn nine-nine " and " brooklyn nine-nine " ?
in greek mythology , two sacred mountains are called mount ida , a character in what mythology ?
mark gaudet joined which norwegian heavy metal drummer in 1991 ?
what country does lance todd trophy and lance bell have in common ?
espn college football friday primetime will be announced by which former american football nose tackle ?
beauty and the beast is a disney media franchise comprising a film series known as what ?
what is the birthdate of this american olympic and world champion freestyle wrestler , who appeared on the 2014 american true crime sports drama film foxcatcher ?
what was the name of the 18th century german auxiliaries contracted for military service by the british government , who fought in the american revolutionary war ?
stacey totman is the former head coach of a golf team that is part of what conference ?
when was the 1988 film in which john lone played puyi takes place ?
jewel belair starred in sci-fi sci-fi television film that was released in what year ?
søren peder lauritz sørensen was born in what year ?
baidu baike is a chinese-language , collaborative , web-based encyclopedia owned and produced by the chinese search engine baidu , the encyclopedia censors its content in accordance with the requirements ?
what role did rachelle beinart play in the 2016 american epic space opera film directed by gareth edwards ?
the weinstein company is a film studio founded in what year ?
what country of origin does craig kilborn and the late late show have in common ?
angelo lavagnino was an italian composer , he directed by which 1965 english-language spanish-swiss co-produced film , directed by and starring orson welles ?
deep purple is an english rock band formed in a town that had how many inhabitants in 2011 ?
the income tax assessment act 1936 is an act of the parliament of australia with three sources of income for individual taxpayers such as what ?
madonna of the trail is a series of 12 monuments dedicated to the spirit of pioneer women in the united states , the monuments were commissioned by which organization ?
what type of publisher does yameen and yameen have in common ?
where was the primary center for the manufacture of the 1840 flintlock musket located ?
the west gate lodge is located in a sculptured wall depicting how many animals ?
orlando brown had a role in the sitcom that was a spin-off of what series ?
mountain valley high school is located in a town that is a small mill town for what industry ?
hello ross was an american late-night talk show hosted by ross matthews , was an american comedian , actress , writer , television host , and producer , and released ?
leather-winged bat has been recorded by the folk group whose repertoire included songs written by whom ?
how many members did the band that recorded " e. c. was here " have ?
folk , blues and beyond was a studio album by which english musician ?
lollia paulina was the third wife of which roman emperor ?
what type of season did lopamudra raut win the third national costume award for india for india ?
judgment night was written by the band formed in what city ?
ghostkeeper is a 1981 canadian independent horror film directed by jim makichuk , the legend lends its name to the controversial modern medical term , described by what ?
the 1966 arizona state sun devils football team was an american football team that represented arizona state university in the western athletic conference ( wac ) during the 1966 college ?
the 2017 atlantic 10 men 's basketball tournament was won by which multi-purpose indoor arena in pittsburgh , pennsylvania ?
archbold gymnasium was built in 1908 with money donated by an american capitalist and one of the united states ' earliest oil refiners bought out by who ?
what is the name of the american serial killer and former physician born in 1954 that worked with fredric rieders ?
" seven nation army " and " seven nation army " are how many alternative music ?
what country of origin does the luther seal and luther rose have in common ?
doc brown was a character portrayed by dr. emmett in a car that features what car ?
who was the father of the principal benefactor of the harris museum ?
what was the name of the fort discovered in 1916 by the father of roger casement ?
hans knirsch was an austro-german activist from a movement that took a concrete form on what date ?
who was born first , robert connor wimberly or robert connor wimberly ?
april fool 's day is a 2008 american direct-to-video horror film remake of what 2004 american teen comedy film directed by mark waters ?
roden brothers was supplied by the company that is headquartered in what city ?
who is the current commissioner of the national basketball association ( nba ) who succeeded david stern on february 1 , 2014 ?
the nics improvement amendments act was passed in 2007 in the wake of a south korean spree killer who killed how many people ?
what is an australian specialist electronic music magazine founded and edited by sebastian chan that employs structural elements typically considered unconventional in traditional hip hop music ?
joel h. cohen is the younger brother of a one-time " simpsons " writer who has written for what simpsons show ?
mirrors is a 2008 supernatural horror film directed by alexandre aja , starring which american actress , born on december 5 , 1975 ?
" into dust " is a song by american duo mazzy star , an american alternative rock band formed where ?
who played scott calvin in the 1994 american christmas fantasy family comedy directed by john pasquin ?
carlos salazar lomelín , is a mexican businessman who serves as chief executive officer of which mexican multinational beverage and retail company headquartered in monterrey , mexico ?
the albanian coalition " perspective " is an albanian political party , of which organization , in the albanian coalition " perspective " ?
john frederick moncur is an english former footballer who played in midfield for a professional association football club that play in what ?
xylobands are wristbands that contain light-emitting diodes and radio frequency receivers , it was a song by british rock band coldplay , the track is built around an organ accompanied ?
who directed the 2000 american comedy film in which amy lysle smart appeared ?
captain nathan hale bridger was a character on the television series " seaquest dsv " and was played by which american actor and amateur boxer ?
what team did the twin brother of phoenix suns play for ?
erwin hermann lambert was a perpetrator of the holocaust in what major paramilitary organization under adolf hitler and the nazi party ?
michael pollock was a senior officer in what united kingdom 's naval warfare force that is used by the english kings from the early medieval period ?
the casey jr . jr ' n ' soak station is an attraction in a city in which county ?
rated-rko was a professional wrestling tag team on world wrestling entertainment that consisted of what american professional wrestler and actor born april 1 , 1980 ?
sebastian gutierrez is a venezuelan film director known for writing and directing a 2003 american psychological horror thriller film directed by who ?
liz mccarthy returned at invicta fc 9 against a division in which division ?
the aviation hall of fame & museum is located in what county ?
the history of ranching is a mural that was originally located at the brewery that began production in 1999 to whom ?
young sheldon is an american television sitcom that portrays a character who is a fictional character in what cbs television series ?
what is the name of the region that the electoral district of mawson is located in ?
robert marvin " bobby " hull , is a canadian former ice hockey player who is regarded as one of the greatest players of all time , his blonde hair ?
boggle is a word game designed by allan turoff and originally distributed by an american toy and game manufacturer who later became a brand of how many games ?
what 3d motion-simulator attraction at universal studios florida based on a special effects attraction was announced in 1997 ?
the jump is a british television series that follows celebrities as they try to master various winter sports , britain 's first olympic ski jumper , who appears live on ?
st dionis backchurch was a parish church in the langbourn ward of the city of london , of medieval origin , it was rebuilt after the great fire of london ?
" the one with the girl who hits joey " is the fifteenth episode of which american television sitcom , created by david crane and marta kauffman ?
who directed a 1941 american western film that starred an actor best known as an actor in western film and television ?
" do n't lose touch " is a song by which county seat and largest city in the region of north central florida ?
pondicherry gramin bank , also known locally as " puduvai bharathiar grama bank " ( pbgb ) is a regional bank in which indian union territory of puducherry ?
i want a hippopotamus for christmas was written by the singer from what oklahoma city ?
" i get weak " is a pop song written by an american singer who gained worldwide fame as the lead vocalist of what show ?
dr. marjorie hass is the 20th president of a college formerly affiliated with who ?
" all the above " is a song by american rapper maino , from his sixth studio album , from what 2008 album ?
robert michael " bobby " godsell ( born 14 september 1952 in johannesburg ) is a retired south african businessman and the former ceo of south african gold mining company ?
the horse-collar tackle is an american football maneuver most closely associated with a football player drafted by what team in 2002 ?
wilhelmus maria " wim " jonk , is a dutch football coach , former international player and former head of academy at ajax amsterdam , together with jordi cruyff ?
la senza corporation is a model for the fashion retailer based in what ohio city ?
the renault–nissan–mitsubishi alliance is a franco-japanese strategic partnership between automobile manufacturers renault , based in paris , france , which japanese multinational automotive manufacturer headquartered in minato , tokyo ?
what is the population of the city that wllz-lp is licensed to ?
richford is a town in a town often governed by what body of water ?
altnahinch dam is situated on the edge of a town that has a population of how many people ?
the cavaliers–warriors rivalry is a national basketball association ( nba ) rivalry between the cleveland cavaliers and the golden state warriors , the two teams feature 11 nba all-stars ?
what is the slogan of the website that peter daou is the creator of ?
who is the current white house chief of staff for u.s. president donald trump ?
hush is a 1998 american thriller starring which american actress who has received worldwide acclaim for her work in film , theater , and television ?
what is the name of the adventure video game designed by jordan mechner and published by brøderbund in 1997 ?
which delegate for the livingston family of new york was a delegate for new york city ?
commanders for israel 's security is an israeli movement of ex-senior security , and which one of the main entities in the israeli intelligence community ?
who was the director of the 2003 biographical crime drama film in which charlize theron appeared ?
who published a historical romance novel dedicated to a writer of historical romance fiction from 1978 until 2002 ?
what county is southeast kansas located in ?
padosan was a remake of the bengali film that starred the indian playback singer who was considered one of the successful playback singers in what industry ?
which english actor and stage director starred in the human factor ?
what state is the undead creature from norse mythology born in ?
what does the electric kool-aid acid test and wolfe have in common ?
who is a cameroonian retired footballer who played as a defender and a defensive midfielder , winning the danish superliga championship with spanish team sevilla fc ?
reliance cricket stadium is ranked as what on the fortune global 500 cricket stadium in nagothane , maharashtra , india ?
which classical male singing voice and has the lowest vocal range of all voice types ?
adèle king is the mother of which former member of the celtic music group celtic woman ?
where is the urdu newspaper of which beena sarwar is the pakistan editor based ?
justin brown is a wide receiver for a college football team currently a member of what conference ?
what was the nickname of the author of the black and white ball ?
macclesfield town football club is a professional association football club based in a league currently named what ?
" arthur newman " is a 2012 american dramatic comedy film starring a british-american actress who made her professional debut in a 2001 london production of what play ?
codename : kids next door , is an american animated television series , created by which american animator , producer , writer and designer ?
genpact is a global business process management and services and services offices in new york city , with approximately how many employees ?
blue dwarf is an unofficial play-by-post role-playing game based in which online text-based role-playing game in which players interact with each other and a predefined environment via text ?
bryant charles gumbel is the younger brother of an american artist who is highly as what ?
what medal did ashley ashley hill win in the middleweight division at the 1984 summer olympics ?
the battle of tannenberg was fought between russia and germany from which date , during the first month of world war i ?
what television network features william scott workman and received critical and popular acclaim , frequently being listed as one of the greatest tv shows of all time ?
forevermore is an american christian metal band from where , indiana , formed in 2009 , they are signed to solid state records and " telos " ?
when was the film released in which lawrence turman was nominated for an academy award for " the graduate " ?
obergruppenführer was the highest commissioned ss rank , inferior only to what prominent sudeten german nazi official in czechoslovakia prior to and during world war ii ?
alfie allen ( born 12 september 1986 ) is an english actor in the " a song of ice and fire " series of fantasy novels , titled ?
which french racing driver who currently drives in formula one for force india made his debut at the force india vjm10 ?
what type of music did both shanmukhapriya and haripriya and haripriya have in common ?
what is the name of the number-one single by the singer of the celebrity apprentice 3 ?
fantastic voyage : the greatest hits is a compilation album by which american rapper coolio , featuring singer l.v ?
operation amsterdam is a 1959 british action film , it is based on which czech dance and genre of dance music familiar throughout europe and the americas ?
who was a mexican drug lord and former leader of the mexican criminal organization known as the tijuana cartel ?
who directed the 2014 french-american crime-thriller film in which amber heard appeared ?
richard williams was a member of what hall of fame college basketball team ?
what is one of the largest appliance brands in the united states and is owned by general electric ?
pisces is a border control database system largely based on a firm headquartered in what city ?
hibiscus hibiscus is a species of flowering plant in the okra family , malvaceae , that is endemic to the island of kauaʻ i in hawaii , h. arnottianus " ?
marvel classics specialized was an american comics magazine which ran from 1976 until 1978 , it specialized in adaptations of literary classics such as moby-dick ; or , the whale ?
ronald ayers , an english engineer who was responsible for the aerodynamics of the land speed record-holding vehicles , was born in what year ?
asiniiwin , translated rocky boy or stone child , was an important chippewa leader who became the principal leader of the montana chippewa-cree in the late 19th century and early ?
jihad : a story of the others , is a 2015 documentary film by emmy and peabody award winning , and human rights defender of which descent ?
" set the fire to the third bar " is a song from a band formed in which city ?
what is the nationality of the actor who appeared in thor : the dark world and star trek ?
which luxury resort casino and hotel is located just south of the cheek to cheek tour ?
leslie terence owen is the father of an english former footballer who has a successful what ?
the 1977 european cup final was an association football match between liverpool of england and borussia mönchengladbach of germany on 25 may 1977 at which event , in rome ?
uss " tortuga " ( lsd-46 ) is a " whidbey island " -class dock landing ship of the united states navy , she was the second navy ship to ?
the outsiders is the fourth studio album by american country music artist eric church , in the 1980s , he was a member of which rock band ?
who created the sitcom in which johnny pemberton appeared as the recurring character bo thompson ?
the bodie & benton railway was a narrow gauge common carrier railroad in a ghost town about how many miles southeast of lake tahoe ?
what is the scottish name of the castle that isabella kelly was born in ?
what is the name of the american car rental company founded in 1958 in los angeles that was founded in 1958 in los angeles , california ?
lev oborin oborin was the winner of the piano competition held in what city ?
minden is an unincorporated town in douglas county , nevada , it was founded in 1906 by heinrich friedrich dangberg jr. , who named it after the town of minden ?
what song on the album " el mirage " produced a song about a soul with incarnations in four different places in time and history ?
cock and bull is the title of a volume composed of two novellas by will self , which includes an english novelist born in what year ?
nine days that changed the world is a 2010 documentary film that centers on the role of an american political aide married to who ?
what is the nickname of the oldest secular office under the crown who served as vice-chairman of kesteven county council and high sheriff of lincolnshire ?
the 2015 diamond head classic was a mid-season eight-team college basketball tournament that was played on december 22 , 23 , and 25 at the stan sheriff center in honolulu ?
vanilla air inc. is a low-cost airline in japan wholly owned by which airline alliance formed in may 2016 ?
this american actor , model , and activist appeared in " the cabin of the woods " and a character portrayed by jesse williams in what film ?
what country of origin does krrish lal and krrish nagrath have in common ?
what is the name of the public radio network headquartered in albany , new york that eric m. plakun is the current associate medical director and director of ?
galeria fundana , was a roman empress of the 1st century ce , the second wife of roman emperor vitellius , in which year ?
maurice austin bishop was a grenadian politician and the leader of what ?
who was the inspiration for the wife of the stepmother of the von trapps ?
matthew tishler is a multi-platinum songwriter and music producer who has written and produced songs for teen pop artists like which american actress born october 14 , 2001 ?
the black belly of the tarantula is a 1971 italian giallo film that starred an american actress who married what of the beatles ?
the chinese actress who starred in " the glory of tang dynasty " graduated from what college ?
" starry eyed surprise " is a song that features vocals by which american rap rock band , formed in 1995 by bret mazur and seth binzer ?
the birthday of the world : and other stories is a collection of short fiction by what author ?
daniel james abraham is best known as the author of " the long price quartet " and was nominated for what award for best novel in 2012 ?
who 's song " the time is now " is a song by john cena ?
in what state is lawton–fort sill regional airport and lawton–fort sill regional airport located ?
who wrote the 2016 american action comedy film directed by peter atencio and starring an actor known for starring on " key & peele " ?
where was the host of australia 's got talent born ?
who wrote the opera in which plácido domingo made his most recent debuts as macbeth ?
naval air station ellyson had an auxiliary facility at the navy base located next to what florida city ?
katrina bowden appeared in what 2008 sex comedy film based on the young adult novel " all the way " ?
george mccall theal was the most prolific and influential south african historian , archivist and genealogist of the port city of what bay ?
who was born first , maria szraiber or tatyana petrovna ?
progress in optics is a series of books edited by a physicist born in which theory ?
karan kapoor is the son of the english actor-manager who delivered what award in india ?
minster pool lies south of what english cathedral that is the only bishop of lichfield ?
who was born first , j.p. doherty or j.p. doherty ?
m.f.a . is a 2017 american thriller film directed by natalia leite and stars an american actress known for starring in what ?
paradise creek is a 9.6 mi tributary of a tributary of what river ?
nesoryzomys is a genus of rodent rodent , also known as the galápagos giant rat , is an extinct species of sigmodontine rodent , known only from santa cruz island ?
when did the sitcom that g hannelius starred in premier ?
two bars is most famous for commanding the british expeditionary force sent by a commander of what nationality ?
keene , an unincorporated community in wabaunsee county , kansas , is an unincorporated community in wabaunsee county , kansas , in the united states , it 's an unincorporated ?
daniel e. greene psa is an american artist who works in the media of a fast-food restaurant chain specializing in what ?
slinzega , is a type of air-dried meat , produced in valtellina , a valley in the alps of which northern region of italy ?
robert michael fomon was a governor of which american stock exchange ?
liz rose is an american country songwriter best known for her work with an american country songwriter best known for her work with who ?
the frost place is a museum and nonprofit educational center for poetry located at robert frost 's former home , in which city in united states ?
where is the county that purcell is located in located ?
the true colors world tour was a concert tour by which lgbt rights activist ?
carlene lefevre is a competitive eater from henderson , nevada , she said , rich lefevre , are said to which form ?
stephen michael reich is an american composer who , along with la monte young , terry riley , and which american composer ?
what was the political office of the castle richard maitland of lethington held from 1563 to 1567 ?
the central location in the 1980 movie " urban cowboy " was about the love-hate relationship founded by whom ?
who was the son of a dynasty that ruled the franks for nearly 300 years in a region known as francia ?
scotch hausen is an album that features tracks of electronic dance music influenced by what jungle ?
what country of origin does black book and halina reijn have in common ?
when was the company founded that brian olsen fought mainly in ?
what country of origin does shani gandhi and kelsea ballerini have in common ?
who is the oldest oldest child of the family that has kylian hazard as part of ?
wing chun is a martial arts action film starring a hong kong actor who multiple-time what ?
death in paradise stars an irish comedian who played what character in " father ted " ?
the prestige is a 2006 british-american mystery thriller film directed by christopher nolan , the film stars hugh michael jackman , an australian actor , singer , and producer ?
j. todd anderson , is a storyboard artist who has worked primarily with the coen brothers , and also worked with film archivist and friend george willeman and wyso d.j ?
the 13th anniversary show took place at a hotel owned and operated by who ?
immanuel lutheran school is affiliated with the lutheran synod synod , often referred to simply as the missouri synod , with how many members ?
the landing barge , kitchen or lbk was a landing craft used to support amphibious landings in north western europe during and after the normandy invasion in the second world ?
electronic attack squadron 138 ( vaq-138 ) , also known as the " yellow jackets " , is an expeditionary ea-18g growler squadron of the united states navy based at ?
what nba team does 2013 mcdonald 's all-american boys game and aaron gordon have in common ?
who was born first , dennis kux or daniel moynihan ?
twisted fortune is a black comedy about a bumbling crook played by which american actor , comedian , and writer ?
when was the 2014 trans-am series formed ?
what is the population of the city that the south american youth olympic games are held in ?
who was the accused of the mansion designed and constructed by levi weeks in 1812 ?
the isle of sheppey and the isle of sheppey was a military officer who commanded the fortifications at which british army officer , diplomat and politician ?
joyce is best known for " ulysses " , a landmark work in what type of art ?
when was the former american prison in philadelphia , pennsylvania for which jimmy elliot was arrested located ?
apex entertainment is an independent content production firm that produced a 2004 american sports docudrama led by who ?
k. g. french is the founder and retired chief executive of what ?
jan borgman was professor of astronomical observation technique at a university founded in what year ?
hawaii house of representatives is led by which former democratic member of the hawaii senate ?
splendid china mall is located on the site of what asian shopping centre ?
the whitney family is an american family notable for their social prominence , wealth , business enterprises and philanthropy , founded by who ?
what is the name of the focus of the american animated television series in which nolan north is a voice actor ?
the kensington runestone is located in what county ?
evertrust bank mall , is a major regional shopping center in the san gabriel valley region of los angeles county , it is most famous for serving as the filming ?
tamanchey is an indian romantic crime comedy film starring an indian actress who works in what ?
which historic estate in cheshire , england is home to the northern chamber orchestra ?
chalet girl starred which english actress who started her career at age 12 in the treasure seekers ?
when was the school that manchester high school central is located in first graduating ?
what type of surface does rosyth dockyard and queen elizabeth have in common ?
" fading " is a song by barbadian recording artist rihanna , some critics also compared it to one of rihanna 's previous singles , in which year ?
a brilliant genocide is a 2016 documentary film that was directed by a rebel group originally known as what ?
charlie mcdermott is best known for his role as axl heck on a sitcom that premiered on what date ?
powwow highway , is a 1989 comedy-drama road movie , directed by jonathan wacks , it features which cherokee actor and film producer from nofire hollow in oklahoma ?
who created the television sitcom in which " late night with conan o'brien " is best known ?
" my feet keep dancing " is the third single from chic 's third studio album " risqué " , it features a co-lead vocal by luci martin nicholas ?
the australian street stock championship is held over which type of auto racing ?
what is the birthdate of this early english settler and soldier in the new world , who purchased the small island owned by gardiner family ?
what is the year of the event that occured first , fran jacobson was born , or fran jacobson was born ?
who is the brother of the architect who designed hook and ladder no . 4 ?
the bethpage state parkway is a 2.49 mi parkway in nassau county on long island , new york , in the united states , it begins at a trumpet interchange ?
lionheart is a 1990 action film starring a belgian actor best known for what ?
the mountbatten institute was named in honour of the eldest daughter of a british naval officer and statesman who once once what ?
aditya puri is the managing director of an indian english-language news magazine that is the managing director of hdfc bank , india 's largest private sector bank . ?
spam musubi is a popular snack and lunch food in hawaii composed of a slice of what brand of canned cooked meat made by hormel foods corporation ?
peter griffin is the main protagonist and title character of an american animated sitcom whose title character is voiced by cartoonist seth macfarlane and first appeared on television , along ?
jennifer paige chambers , is a canadian-american actor and comedian , in 1999 , he won a tony award for his lead performance in a broadway revival of " little ?
ivory lee brown is the uncle of a football player who set the ncaa freshman rushing record with how many yards ?
belle and sebastian : the adventure continues was a sequel to the film directed by whom ?
mirador de la flor was unveiled in 1997 to honor a woman who was convicted for parole on what date ?
the st. louis cardinals season was the team 's 125th season in st. louis , missouri and the 115th season in the national league , poor performance from several key ?
who played john adkins in the universal soldier franchise ?
nowhere boy is a 2009 british biographical musical drama film about a adolescence about the adolescence of what english musician born in 1906 ?
my cousin rachel is a 2017 romantic drama film , written and directed by roger michell , it stars kevin loader , a british film and television producer , he ?
the new york – new jersey line war took place in which british proprietary colony and later royal colony on the northeast coast of north america ?
jeff wood made his cart debut at which car race held between 1981 and 1984 ?
unbreakable is a 2000 american superhero thriller film written , produced , and directed by m. night shyamalan , and starring which fictional character and the main protagonist in the ?
what is the south of the island in which the ascension night heron is located ?
jon s. cardin is the nephew of a politician who serves as the senior united states senator from maryland in what year ?
chris jones was a welsh semi-professional footballer , currently with the likes of which english professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for championship club derby county ?
christine m. mccarthy succeeded which chief executive officer of the walt disney company ?
" show her " is a song written by mike reid , an american country music artist , composer , and former what ?
what award was the author of the book house of many ways nominated for ?
espn college football friday primetime will be announced by adam amin and a former american football nose tackle who played college football at what school ?
fred gehrke is what american professional baseball left fielder for the miami marlins of major league baseball ( mlb ) ?
suite from henry v is a 1963 orchestral arrangement of william walton 's musical score from a film adaptation of a play by who ?
what type of media does mary poppins opens the door and mary poppins have in common ?
bill pollack was a competitor of what driver to win the formula one world drivers ' championship ?
the traditional music of the ndebele is characterised mainly by the widespread use of choral song accompanied by leg rattles , like the shona , the ndebele also use mouthbows ?
billy preston is an american college basketball player whose program is classified in the ncaa 's division i and the team competes in what conference ?
the indian super league ( isl ) is a men 's professional football league in india , officially known as what ?
the remains of the day , is a 1989 novel by british writer kazuo ishiguro , the work was awarded which award , in 1989 ?
cineplex odeon corporation was one of how many countries , one of the largest share of the american theater market ahead of regal entertainment group ?
who was born first christopher william ulbricht or chris tarbell ?
who was born first , dr jan schneider or dr jan schneider ?
which star of yaadon ki baaraat was born on 14 march 1965 ?
what is the nationality of the defending champion of the 2009 us open – singles ?
the crystal palace football club is awarded at the end of each season , a feat since emulated by which professional footballer who plays as a winger ?
what is the district of the district that gabriela d. lemus is the executive director of ?
what team did the man who won the nba sixth man of the year in 2011 play with on the nba ?
hhhh is the debut novel of french author laurent binet , the novel recounts operation anthropoid , the assassination of which nazi leader , during world war ii ?
unlike weapons in science fiction , a plasma weapon is a type of raygun that was first introduced in what field ?
" surprised by joy : the shape of my early life " is a partial autobiography published by which british novelist , poet , academic , medievalist , literary critic ?
the 50th law is a " new york times " bestselling book that is an enigmatic musician with an enigmatic figure known as what ?
isaac gómez sánchez is a spanish footballer who plays for a spanish football team based in what community ?
what is the name of the film adaptation of a 1606 play by an english actress born november november 1946 ?
microwave jenny is an australian pop/folk/jazz duet that consists of a suburb that was the singing voice for the character willie in what beach ?
" imagine that ' " is a song written by bryan white , derek george and john tirro , and recorded by which american country music artist ?
who is a nigerian footballer who plays as a forward for shanghai greenland and is one of eleven players to have played in the top divisions in italy ?
virm trains are operated by a company based in what city ?
firstar center was the name of a bank holding company based in what minneapolis city ?
" two is better than one " is a song by the american rock band boys like girls , from which second studio album ?
the 2016 pakistan super league or hbl psl 2016 was the debut season of which multi-purpose stadium in dubai , united arab emirates ?
olga pershankova , is a russian ice dancer , she teamed up with who , a russian figure skating coach and choreographer ?
when was the plaintiff of the barbed wire patent case born ?
william mcgrath founded a political ideology whose existence existence is what ?
who is a sudanese-born australian professional basketball player for the milwaukee bucks of the national basketball association ( nba ) ?
what is a special type of jirga that is mainly organized for choosing a new head of state in case of sudden death , adopting a new head of state ?
" finally " is a 1991 song by american musician cece peniston , released in january 28 , 1992 , peaking eventually at which number , on the " billboard ?
what star of mickey 's christmas carol also appeared in tv series mickey young ?
janne kyttanen is best known for his work in design for what museum located in amsterdam , netherlands ?
the house of hanover and gotha , is a german dynasty that ruled the duchy of saxe-coburg and gotha , which was one of how many duchies ?
judgment day : intelligent design on trial is an award-winning nova documentary on the case of " kitzmiller v. dover area school district " —which concentrated on the question of ?
heinrich scholz was a peer of what english computer scientist ?
the nova southeastern sharks baseball was coached by an american professional baseball right fielder who is of what descent ?
beecher 's handmade cheese is an artisan cheesemaker and retail shop with locations in a public market overlooking the market opened in what year ?
what country does rossiya airlines ojsc and russian presidential have in common ?
việt bắc , is a region of vietnam north of hanoi , the capital of the socialist republic of vietnam and the country 's second largest city , by population ?
the rabi cycle is named after an american physicist who won what in 1944 ?
what major engagement of the napoleonic wars did andrei ivanovich gorchakov participated in ?
what is the nickname of the land that marinelli glacier is located in ?
" oops ( oh my ) " is a song by american r & b-soul singer–songwriter tweet , featuring american rapper missy " misdemeanor " elliott , it was written ?
what is the name of the college founded in 1852 by christian universalists for which vivian pinn served as associate director ?
how long did the leader of the kellock–taschereau commission win in office in office ?
howard van doren designed what urban planned worker community in east chicago , indiana , united states ?
when was the american actor , performance artist , and filmmaker born who was a star in both " even stevens " and " maniac " ?
" an cat dubh / into the heart " is a song by u2 , the debut studio album , released on which date ?
kym barrett was the costume designer for the 2012 german-american science fiction film directed by whom ?
who was born first , shep meyers or coleman hawkins ?
swanson is a brand of tv dinners and related to the broth business currently owned by what company ?
sam duckworth is an english musician who performs as a music about a british magazine that launched in what year ?
what is a leopard subspecies confined to the indonesian island of java and has been listed as critically endangered on the iucn red list since 2008 ?
ice cream man is a 1995 horror comedy film produced and directed by norman apstein , in his first and only attempt at mainstream filmmaking , written by sven davison ?
sons and lovers starred which english actress and occasional screenwriter ?
what was the nationality of the father of ray cameron ?
what is the second oldest existing political party in the united states ?
van andel institute was founded by which co-founder of the amway corporation ?
what is the genre of the film in which austin nichols plays the role of julian monroe ?
how many venues are there in the complex where night of joy takes place ?
alfred allen marcus has worked as a visiting professor at which utility holding company based in minneapolis , minnesota ?
the mgm grand fire occurred in november 21 , 1980 at which deadliest hotel , that was the deadliest hotel fire in united states history ?
what type of media does nicholas dante and a chorus line have in common ?
the case for democracy is a foreign policy manifesto written by an american-born israeli political consultant who currently serves as the what to the united states ?
what is the title of the western action-adventure video game released for playstation 3 in the year in which tyler t. bunch had a role ?
sarcobatus flat is a closed valley in western nye county , nevada between goldfield and who ?
wwe 2k18 is an upcoming professional wrestling video game scheduled to be released in a collaboration between yuke sports and scheduled to be released worldwide on what date ?
the central point of glaramara is part of a valley that is located in what english borough ?
me and you and everyone we know is a 2005 american romantic comedy-drama film starring an american film director who directed what 2011 novel ?
matt james is best known for his online and print works for an rpg award derived from what ?
" big for your boots " is a song by an english grime and hip hop artist whose most successful song was what ?
who is the current coach of the chess world champion magnus carlsen ?
when was the composer of persian surgery dervishes born ?
what is the name of the city that is on the west coast of norway and is home to the norwegian black metal band gorgoroth ?
what english professional footballer who plays as a forward for premier league club arsenal won the 2015 fa cup final with arsenal ?
" buddy holly " is a song by the american rock band weezer , an american rock band , often referred to as ?
naseer & shahab is a pakistani soft alternative rock band from a subgenre of pop music that was originating in the early 1970s in what decade ?
what show did gary cole star in that was an attorney on " harvey birdman , attorney at law " ?
what is the name of the character played by the actor who plays sam docherty in the 2000 american family drama film the newcomers ?
thor equities is a real estate development , leasing and management firm , with headquarters in new york city , london and mexico city , thor owns retail , office ?
who launched a night of kieft 's war that took place in march 1644 between settlers of the nascent colony of new netherland ?
barrie ciliberti was born in a university located in what county ?
" lost ! " is a song by the british rock band coldplay , a british rock band formed in what year ?
when was wallace d. fard aka african american political and religious movement ?
kenny brown is the twin brother of an english former professional football player and what ?
fire of zamani ( stylized as foz ) is the second studio album by nigerian hip hop recording artist ice prince , it features guest appearances from sunny neji ?
benjamin abram bernstein was born in a city whose sister city is what city ?
" look what you made me do " is a song recorded by a studio album that is scheduled for release through which record label ?
what is the name of the british actress from london born in 1970 who worked at the white bear theatre ?
what is the name of the actor who appeared in both chesil beach and the sense of the ending ?
corey sanders oversees operations at a hotel and casino that is the largest single in the united states with what ?
louisa catherine johnson adams ( february 12 , 1970 – may 15 , 1852 ) , wife of john quincy adams , was first lady of the united states from ?
the fast on-orbit rapid recording of transient events was developed and launched by a united states department of energy national laboratory that is part of what project ?
transadelaide was a publicly owned corporation established on 4 july 1994 which provided suburban train , tram and bus services , they were built by who ?
the little missouri river flows into a tributary that has how many feet ?
the 1996 at & t challenge was a tennis tournament played at a city ranked third on the " usa today " list of what ?
the 1994 indian hindi drama film , aranyaka , is set in which indian theatre personality and former indian film actress of british and indian descent ?
what is a principal city of the lakeland-winter haven , florida metropolitan statistical area ?
the extreme centre : a warning is a 2015 book by a british-pakistani writer who read ppe at what college ?
modular recordings is an australian record label founded in 1998 by an american indie rock band that is composed of what ?
what movie did james franco star in that is a 2010 biographical survival found footage drama film directed by danny boyle ?
jeff sheehy was appointed to the board of which current mayor of san francisco , california ?
the human condition follows the life of a political system that recognizes no limits to regulate what ?
channel 8 is a thai digital television channel that broadcasts entertainment , foreign tv series , and sports ?
ralph hutchinson " hutch " hutchinson was the head football coach at what flagship institution of the university of texas system ?
i remember is the second studio album by english electronic music duo alunageorge . the album includes collaborations with a chinese american electronic musician born in what year ?
townsend putnam coleman iii , is an american voice actor who performed in many animated series and tv commercials beginning in the early 1980s , among his most notable roles ?
faces is the eleventh mixtape by american hip hop recording artist mac miller , the mixtape features guest appearances from rick ross , earl sweatshirt , an american rapper ?
ethel houbiers is a french voice actress , she is the french voice of which mexican and american film actress , producer , and former model ?
batman is a 1989 american superhero film that stars an executive and ceo of what ?
a baseball field , also called a ball field or a baseball diamond , is the field upon which recreational area ?
bay plaza shopping center is a shopping center on the south side of co-op city , an american big box department store chain headquartered in which city ?
the joggers was replaced by the chemist who received what award in 2011 ?
maha kali is an ep by which swedish extreme metal band from strömstad , formed in 1989 ?
what song by american pop duo hall & oates included the song " bigger than both of us " on their fifth studio album ?
who was the subject of the history of native americans in the united states ?
the 2000 world rally championship was what number season of the fia world rally championship , ahead of richard burns and carlos sainz ?
since when has the highest rank in the british army since which sir comyn egerton was a senior rank in the british army ?
the east lancashire railway is a 12+1/2 mi heritage railway line in a station that is part of what heritage ?
when was the managing director of the south australian brewing company born ?
the william ulmer brewery was a brewery founded by william ulmer at a neighborhood that is policed by who ?
burgess was educated at a multinational oil and gas company headquartered in what country ?
getting married in buffalo jump was directed by a canadian actor born in what city ?
anna lewandowska is married to a polish professional footballer who plays for what bundesliga club ?
the actress that plays prince yeonsan 's concubine jang nok-su in " king and the clown " was released in what year ?
thomas shearn was an american minor league professional baseball franchise , formerly known as what ?
the nantahala national forest is a national forest located in what american state ?
infopark , kochi is an information technology park situated in the city of kochi , the notable tenants in the park include native giants like which multinational professional services firm ?
how many people were killed in the deadliest mass shooting in australian history ?
anna khachaturovna aglatova sang the role of " susanna " at the marriage of which historic theatre in moscow , russia , designed by architect joseph bové ?
ravi " rags " khote is a playback singer for films in india , some of his songs include which 2003 indian romantic drama , directed by debutant director nikkhil ?
naked weapon is a 2002 hong kong action film directed by action choreographer tony ching , it is the third installment of which of " naked " series ?
david sinclair is a fictional character in an american crime drama that is a flagship property of what corporation ?
what hotel and casino owned and operated by mgm resorts international is owned by william g. bennett ?
greg phillips is a former australian rules football player who played with a video game developer based in what city ?
when was the american thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare born who became the third leg of the american thoroughbred horse race in 2010 ?
who was born first , libby mitchell or eliot mitchell ?
who founded the american international fast food restaurant chain founded by the cfl on tsn ?
joséphine de reszke , was a polish soprano in which grand opera in five acts of 1868 by the french composer ambroise thomas , with a libretto by michel carré ?
lela rochon , is an american actress , she later had starring in which 1996 crime thriller film based on john grisham 's novel of the same name ?
when was the founder of the town in madison county , new york born ?
jack is a 2015 austrian thriller film about serial killer jack unterweger , it was screened in the contemporary world cinema section of the 2015 toronto international film festival ?
kaspars astašenko was drafted by which professional ice hockey team based in tampa , florida ?
paul deboy is best known for appearances in " a dirty shame " , a western action-adventure video game developed by who ?
what is the name of the live music venue hosted by future music producer nayvadius demun ?
what is the name of the new york-based american investment management firm founded by bob simons ?
tom hewitt is a native of a census-designated place in what county ?
anhaica , was the principal town of the apalachee people , located in what native american people who historically lived in the florida panhandle ?
" alpha and omega " is a series of eight animated films produced by crest animation productions , the first film was released in 2010 and featured the voices of ?
the italian co-belligerent navy , was the navy of the italian royalist forces fighting on the side of the allies in southern italy after the allied armistice with italy in ?
" wij zijn ajax " ( dutch , " we are ajax " ) is a song by ajax and which dutch footballer who plays ?
the georgia international convention center is located at a convention that opened in what year ?
hecuba performed at the los angeles premier of what american cellist , composer , producer , singer , and musician whose work spanned a disparate range of styles ?
j. j. heuston , was an irish rebel and member of fianna éireann who took part in which former prison in kilmainham , dublin , ireland ?
who is an american mixed martial artist specializing in brazilian jiu jitsu and has trained extensively under striking coach ray bronx longo ?
negotiating with the dead : a writer on writing is a non-fiction work by a canadian author who has been shortlisted for how many times ?
dacryopinax spathularia ( syn . guepinia spathularia ) is an edible jelly fungus , in chinese culture , it is called ?
who is an american former pornographic actress , pornographic film director , actress and producer who hosted the 26th avn awards ?
what american actress , comedian , singer , and animal rights activist portrayed dorothy zbornak in the tv series " the golden girls " ?
hjertestop is a danish punk band that consists of a former members of a building formally named what ?
which city in knox county , maine was nicknamed the " irish tenor " ?
the soul of buddha is a 1918 american silent romance film that was shot at a borough that is the western terminus of what bridge ?
tetrapolis , is a town in greece , the site of the twelve districts into which town in greece , the site of the battle of marathon in 490 bc ?
graham masterton , is a british horror author , originally editor of which british adult magazine for men ?
what does the canadian hot 100 have in common ?
the 2001 spanish-american supernatural gothic horror film with elements of psychological horror was written , directed , and scored by alejandro amenábar . ?
vfl wolfsburg won their first ever bundesliga title during this season , manager felix magath formed an attacking lineup , which included strikers edin džeko and grafite , the pair ?
what country of origin does double rush and double rush have in common ?
what is the nickname of the publication that gave the name of julian allen 's illustrations ?
what is the year of the event that occured first , anneli cahn was born , or anneli cahn was born ?
he was educated at marlborough and keble college , oxford and ordained in 1885 after a curacy at reading minster he became a chaplain to the forces serving at the ?
jim halsey is best known for hosting what televised televised country variety show ?
who starred with jean parker in the 1933 american pre-code drama film that was directed by george parker ?
" how ? " is a song from an album that is more heavily produced in contrast to what critically acclaimed band ?
what senior british army officer oversaw the british expeditionary force sent to france in the battle of france ?
what is the capital of the largest airport in lithuania ?
what is the nationality of the actress who starred with francis ng and daniel wu in beauty and the breast ?
john stoltenberg is the former managing editor of a magazine published by which company ?
what is the full name of the trial in which marc schiller was the star witness in the trial against ?
which star of only lovers left alive was born on february 9 , 1981 ?
confessions of a teenage drama queen is a 2004 american teen musical comedy film directed by sara sugarman , the song , " hero " , appeared in which disney ?
this 2007 biographical film depicting the murder of john lennon was written by an american prison inmate who later remained at the crime scene in what novel ?
when was the younger brother of princess mafalda of savoy born ?
what 1999 mystery thriller film did emmanuelle seigner star in ?
operation lighthouse was the name given to the failed experimental launch of four aggregate 3 liquid-fuel rockets by a german army artillery officer born in what year ?
maggie may is a musical with a book by alun owen and which traditional liverpool folk song ?
the r241 road is a regional road in which county of the republic of ireland , part of the wild atlantic way ?
the northrop p-61 black widow had a gun mounted that was based on what night fighter ?
what is the name of the confluence of the province in which shelly hruska was born ?
what does general blood and general blood have in common ?
what is the nickname of the battleship that is home to fall river heritage state park ?
who is a recipient of the 1975 filmfare award for best music director , and a recipient of the civilian honour of padma shri ?
according to the 2010 census , what was the population of the city in which the meadowbrook state parkway is located ?
stephen graham is an english film and television actor who starred in a 2006 british drama film written and directed by who ?
normanby le wold is a village and civil parish in the west lindsey district of lincolnshire , england , it is situated in the lincolnshire wolds , an area of ?
which member of the house of rulers conventionally known as the julio-claudian dynasty was a member of the house of rulers conventionally known as the julio-claudian dynasty ?
who was born first , leona louise lewis or leona lewis ?
marchant glacier was named by the advisory committee on a public research university in what city ?
what american geochemist and former instructor at the university of kentucky 's department of geology chaired the rate project ?
what type of technique did mikhail stanislavski " michael " chekhov have his acting technique acting ?
the 1974 south african grand prix was held at a motor racing circuit located in what province ?
what is the sequel to the 1992 science fiction cinematic platform game developed by delphine software international ?
hiroyuki ito is known as the director of what fantasy role-playing video game developed and published by square enix for the playstation 2 home video console ?
leonard stogel , better known by his stage name sam the sham , is a retired american rock and roll singer ?
who was born first , howard bilerman or james chesnutt ?
kriti sanon starred in a romantic hindi song from what 2012 bollywood film ?
pitch perfect 2 features an ensemble cast including the american actress who played what role in " pitch perfect " ?
easyjet is a british airline , operating under the low-cost carrier model , based at which london airport airline ?
edward garrison walker , was an american artisan in boston who became an attorney in 1861 , he was one of the first black men to pass the massachusetts bar ?
when was the football club for which jesús dautt plays founded ?
which star of " the human stain " got his break in " the lion in winter " ?
anatoly kashirov is a russian professional basketball player for what club that was founded in 2012 and currently participates in the lithuanian basketball league ?
madden nfl 06 is an american football video game whose product features a former american football quarterback who played football and basketball for who ?
an american actor , director , and musician starred in a 1994 american television miniseries based on a novel by what author ?
who created a computer game developed by bally midway ?
josh charles " josh " charles ( born september 15 , 1971 ) is an american stage , film and television actor , best known for the roles of dan ?
in which year did this musical based on a 2007 film starring glen hansard and glen irglová release their 2007 new york award for best musical theater album ?
casablanca is a 1942 american romantic drama film directed by michael curtiz and based on murray burnett 's unproduced stage play " everybody comes to rick 's " , it ?
branford is a shoreline town located on long island sound , a tidal estuary of the atlantic ocean , lying between the eastern shores of bronx county , new york ?
counting on jill is an american reality television show that has aired on the cable channel tlc since 2015 , a spin-off show of " 19 kids and counting " ?
" ai n't thinkin ' 'bout you " is a song by rapper bow wow that features an american singer who was born in what year ?
wscv is the flagship television station of a multipurpose football stadium located where ?
" i should have known better " was the theme song from which 1985 album ?
tamzin maria outhwaite , is a british actress from london , since coming to national notice playing which british dark comedy anthology television programme ?
tony james is a director of a multinational private equity firm that as the largest alternative investment firm in what country ?
what is the population of the town in which lake george avenue historic district is located ?
how is aaron parrett and university of providence connected ?
what is the name of the prime minister of the country in west africa who has been the prime minister of guinea-bissau since november 2016 ?
what is the county seat for the county in which lettuce lake park is located ?
the krachi west district is one of the twenty-five ( 25 ) districts in what region ?
the ems dispatch was an internal message from what conservative prussian statesman who dominated german and european affairs from the 1860s until 1890 ?
what texas county is tryon lewis born in ?
what city is the mundo perdido located in ?
the submarine voyage was an attraction at disneyland in anaheim , california , which also included the matterhorn bobsleds roller coaster , an expanded version of what ?
simona de silvestro ( born 1 september 1988 ) is a swiss race car driver , she went on to secure a contract to drive in which australian grand prix ?
mark vella was born in what southern european island country consisting of an archipelago in the mediterranean sea ?
" on tour forever " is a live ep album released by an american rock band known for what in their live performances ?
what is the nationality of the female lead of " swiss sportswoman of the century " ?
what was the nationality of the actor who co-starred with michael medwin and sid james in the lady craved excitement ?
which 1998 american computer-animated adventure comedy film did andrew stanton star in ?
who produced the 1998 british crime comedy film in which dexter fletcher appeared ?
what is the name of the producers of dancing in the dark ?
redirected is a 2014 lithuanian-british gangster action comedy film directed by a lithuanian comedy and drama actor whose chairman was what ?
when was the band that released the norwegian black metal band arvas formed ?
the great neck school district is located in what new york county ?
the 2018 unibet premier league darts will be a darts tournament , located in the centre of the o2 entertainment complex on the greenwich peninsula in south-east london , the ?
thomas j . " tommy " carcetti is a fictional character on the hbo drama " the wire " , played by aidan gillen , an ambitious what ?
isaac montrose taylor was the father of which five-time grammy award winner ?
in what year was the winner of the philadelphia 76ers born ?
timothy oulton is a british furniture brand named after creative director , it has also retailed through which american home-furnishings company headquartered in corte madera , california ?
" lujon " is a 2000 british crime film and the directorial debut of jonathan glazer , it was included in the soundtracks for which films ?
tobias alistair patrick " toby " kebbell , is an english stage and film actor , known for his roles in films such as " dead man 's shoes " ?
" oeuf " is the fourth episode of the first season of the psychological thriller–horror series " hannibal " , the series is based on characters and elements appearing in ?
j.b. scott 's was a nightclub located on central avenue in a city called what ?
double jeopardy is a 1999 american neo noir adventure crime thriller film starring an american actress best known for an ongoing acting career spanning how long ?
" rewrite this story " is an original song introduced in the seventh episode of the seventh season of the musical tv series written by who ?
sir james montgomery , 4th baronet ( or montgomerie , died 1694 ) was the tenth laird of skelmorlie , he was a scottish politician known for the montgomery plot ?
which belgian actor , director , producer , screenwriter , activist , businessman , activist , and philanthropist did george clooney star in ?
the mighty handful ( russian : могучая кучка ) , also known as the five and the new russian school , were five prominent 19th-century russian composers ?
what does ʻumi-a-līloa and ʻumi-a-līloa have in common ?
lady in a cage stars the actress who was born in what year ?
what type of media does pompeii and dan smith have in common ?
camille delamarre is a french film editor and director , he edited which 2008 french action film , a 2008 french action film ?
intolerable cruelty is a 2003 american romantic comedy film starring an actor and what ?
the magician 's land is a fantasy novel by lev grossman , a young man who discovers and attends a college of magic in which u.s. state ?
what is the nickname of the legendary character who first appears in medieval chansons de geste ?
aleksei gan was a key figure in the development of a pair of revolutions after which empire ?
hidden city entertainment was founded by which founding member of hidden city entertainment ?
shim ji-ho starred in what south korean film that was directed by park chul-soo ?
goodbye girl was a song that was used in the movie directed by whom ?
dominic edward cooper ( born 2 june 1978 ) is an english actor , he has worked in marvel 's agent , an american television series created for abc by ?
a substorm is a brief disturbance in the earth 's magnetosphere that causes energy to a scientist who was nominated for what prize in times ?
realness is the eighth studio album from an american reality competition television series that was produced by who ?
ronald s. teachworth is an american artist , writer and film director from a city located in which county ?
the frankston line is part of a bayside suburban electrified railway that is located on the frankston line in what city ?
the secret world is what type of game set in a modern-day real world under attack from occult forces ?
which governor of new mexico won the 2012 united states libertarian national convention ?
saint elgiva was the first wife of which wife of edmund i ?
what christian saint is a patron of a historical religious building in castres , languedoc , france ?
duck down music inc was founded by the rapper from what town ?
what is the name of the mother of the only daughter of queen elizabeth ii ?
jim cassell has been responsible for the development of players such as which english footballer who plays for premier league club liverpool and the england national team ?
what is the name of the science fiction novel written by novelist ernest cline ?
angelspit is an electronic music band that has toured with an electronic music duo formed in what year ?
kwpw is currently owned by what american actor who was known for his roles in film , television , and theatre , and theatre ?
who was married to a member of the royal family of the kingdom of hawaii in the house of kamehameha ?
les clark was the only one to work on the origins of what american animator , cartoonist , character designer , inventor , and special effects technician ?
brent wilkes was known for his involvement with what united states navy 20-year pilot born on december 8 , 1941 ?
what country of origin does the best offer and giuseppe tornatore have in common ?
boone 's cave park is named after a pioneer who founded what through the cumberland gap in the appalachian mountains ?
the 2003 lsu tigers football team represented louisiana state university ( lsu ) during the 2003 ncaa division i-a football season , lsu won the bcs national championship game ?
who is an iraqi football goalkeeper who played for iraq in the 1996 afc asian cup finals , who played club football with al shorta for 14 years ?
philip dawson dawson is the second oldest player in the league behind an american football placekicker who is the only player ever to score how many teams ?
devils tower is a structure similar to the summit near which summit ?
the 2011–12 houston rockets season was the 45th season of the franchise in the national basketball association ( nba ) , and the 41st based in houston david morris ?
the jagdpanther was based on the chassis of which german medium tank ?
lightning debuted at number two on the uk singles chart , behind a song recorded by barbadian singer rihanna from what album ?
clones of clones is an american indie rock band from washington , d.c. composed of members ben payes , todd evans , and brian abbott , they have played shows ?
abraham lincoln " al " neiman was born on july 4 , 1875 , in chicago , illinois and raised in a jewish orphanage in cleveland , ohio , he ?
red bend catholic college is located in what town in the central west region of new south wales , australia ?
jackson galaxy is a cat behaviorist by what american reality television series that airs on animal planet and premiered in may 2011 ?
what type of game does ratatouille and playstation 3 have in common ?
robert melville is a british car designer currently working as design director at a company whose principal activity is what ?
abraham løkin was born in a country that is about halfway between norway and iceland , 200 mi north-northwest of what ?
where is the athletic teams that keith nichol played for located in ?
harry morgan appeared in a half-hour comedy/drama that was featured in what series ?
who is the founder of the crime museum in pigeon forge , tennessee ?
what american actor , voice actor and former president of the screen actors guild , starred in sleeping dogs lie ?
what is the year of the event that occured first , joe jackson was born , or graham maby was born ?
who produced the movie mel shaw was involved in ?
what was the nickname of the philadelphia 76ers basketball player who was previously drafted 3rd in the 2014 draft ?
which american actor , artist , and former american football player , born in 1968 , starred in the 2009 american science fiction action film gamer ?
robert john " robin " finck ( born november 7 , 1971 ) is an american guitarist , he is one of only a few artists who has played in ?
the lower park creek patrol cabin is located in a national park that includes parts of what ?
who was born first , arbie orenstein or joseph ravel ?
paul freeman , was an american bigfoot hunter who claimed to have discovered bigfoot tracks showing dermal ridges , the plaster casts freeman subsequently made were convincing enough to be ?
tales from the crypt is a 1972 british horror film starring an english actor and what ?
the murder man is a 1935 american crime-drama film starring spencer bruce , virginia bruce , and lionel atwill , and directed by who ?
robert walker grow was a senior united states army officer who commanded the 6th armored division during world war ii , it was formed with a cadre from what division ?
the current president of the united states is a plantation of an historic , privately owned , 600-acre ( 243 ha ) plantation located near what city ?
the gate is the lead single from the album scheduled for release in what month ?
ronald j. johnson attended high school in which body of water ?
the dayton memorial hall is a historic meeting venue on which street in downtown dayton , ohio , united states ?
what country of origin does 42 and andré holland have in common ?
jalen jones played college basketball for a team based in what state ?
the stieber twins are a duo from heidelberg , germany , they are known as what ?
todos me miran ( " " everyone looks at me " is a single from which mexican singer and songwriter , and is a mexican singer and songwriter ?
the mercedes-benz zetros is an off-road truck for extreme operations designed to be compatible into a four-engine turboprop military transport aircraft that has how many variants ?
forest hill is a suburb of what 16th-largest city in the united states ?
according to the 2010 census , what was the population of the city in which the charon 's garden wilderness area is located ?
edward robert martin jr. is an american politician and attorney from the state of missouri , he is president of phyllis schlafly eagles , and a cnn contributor , he ?
richard heinrich ludwig münch ( 10 january 1916 – 6 june 1987 ) , better known as richard münch , was a german actor , best known for portraying alfred ?
the bui national park will be found in what type of hydroelectric project ?
" heading out to the highway " is a song by british heavy metal band judas priest , released on which album ?
north blenheim was destroyed by a destructive tropical cyclone that was founded when ?
who was born first , ivan foster or ivan paisley ?
on february 25 , 2017 he lost to jarrett hurd for the international boxing federation light middleweight world title , which american light middleweight boxer from accokeek ?
which american western web series did armin shimerman star in ?
learjet is a subsidiary of a company that developed how many cartridge ?
drowning pool was named after the frontman of what new vocalist ?
what is a 2012 south korean sports drama film starring ha ji-won and bae doona that won the 21st kbs actors ' auditions in 2008 ?
teletubbies say " eh-oh ! " is a hit single in which uk nursery rhyme , the earliest surviving version of which dates from 1731 ?
who starred in the american werewolf in paris in 1981 ?
stray arrows : a collection of favorites is the first compilation album released by an american alternative metal band that formed in what chicago suburb ?
the 1928 philadelphia athletics season featured which player nicknamed " cocky " ?
in what year was the actor who played jack pullman in " while you were sleeping " born ?
simtek was founded by which president of the fédération internationale de l'automobile ?
which actor from the movie " arrival " appeared in " 28 weeks later " and " 28 weeks later " ?
when did the co-hosts of the 29th avn awards play over how many pornographic films ?
the largest city in the u.s. state of new hampshire is near the northern end of what new hampshire region ?
lever brothers was a british manufacturing company founded in 1885 by brothers william hesketh lever , in 1930 , lever brothers merged with which subsidiary of lever brothers ?
disorganized crime is a 1989 american heist comedy film , the ensemble cast includes which american actor and comedian , born on april 12 , 1946 ?
final score was an upcoming action film directed by which american actor , semi-retired professional wrestler , former mixed martial artist , and bodybuilder ?
brian balthazar is an american television news anchor and tv host known as the co-host of what show on nbc ?
plantation is a census-designated place ( cdp ) in sarasota county , florida , it is part of what metropolitan statistical statistical area , in florida ?
fallujah is an american technical death band , from which american death metal band originally from upper marlboro , maryland ?
what is the injected used for the 1999 world champion 's spouse ?
what town in york county , maine , united states is part of the maine house of representatives representing wells from 2002-2010 ?
the taquini plan was a project for the restructuring of higher education in argentina proposed by biochemist and academic what ?
james fowle baldwin was the first president of a railroad line operated as part of what ?
what is the name of the extinct stem-tetrapod of the extinct genus eucritta from the viséan period of scotland that was played by creature from the black lagoon ?
what character did alex o'loughlin play on the american paranormal romance television drama created by ron koslow and trevor munson ?
what is the name of the single-player action-adventure multi-platform action game starring the teenage mutant ninja turtles ?
paride ed elena is the third of gluck 's " reform " operas , in which he attempted to replace the abstruse plots and overly complex of what ?
" the cowboys " was a short-lived western television series based on the 1972 motion picture of the same name starring which american actor ?
who is a fictional character who first appeared in disney 's " pinocchio " , a cartoon character created by the walt disney studio in 1950 ?
what is the seating capacity of the stadium that hosted the 1981 oklahoma sooners football team ?
the maryland jockey club is a sporting organization dedicated to horse racing , founded in what county in maryland ?
special correspondents starred which australian actor and comedian ?
kevin watson is the manager of what football club based in bishop 's stortford , hertfordshire , england ?
which star of she ’ s funny that gained worldwide recognition for portraying rachel green on the television sitcom " friends " ?
the 2010–11 season was the 122nd season of competitive football by a coach who is the head coach of who ?
" 't is the fifteenth season " is the seventh episode of " the simpsons " ' fifteenth season , this episode is notable as being the first to make ?
tim andrew is an american film director , television director and television producer , his television directing credits include teen wolf , an american television series , television director and ?
cordyline rubra , known as the palm lily is an evergreen australian plant , it grows as a shrub to around 4 metres ( 13 ft ) tall . tall ?
japan air commuter co. , is a japanese airline based in kirishima , kagoshima prefecture , ltd. , it operates feeder services in support of japan airlines , japan air ?
who was born first , john james faso jr. or john james faso jr. ?
black swan is a 2010 american psychological horror film directed by darren aronofsky , it stars include which ballet composed by pyotr ilyich tchaikovsky in 1875–76 ?
what country of origin does astrid kirchherr and astrid kirchherr have in common ?
the 432d operations group is stationed at an air force base in what county ?
trance is the debut ep by a band that has released how many albums ?
favre-leuba is a swiss manufacturer of wristwatches headquartered in solothurn , switzerland , the foundation of the brand was laid in 1737 when abraham favre was registered as a watchmaker ?
tom vaughan is a scottish television and film director whose work includes a 2008 american comedy film written by who ?
what is a large hospital in the east of lincolnshire on the a16 , north of the town of boston near the mini-roundabout with the a52 ?
robert burgess aldrich was an american film director , writer and producer , notable for such films as which 1954 film noir drama film directed by robert aldrich ?
" risingson " is a song by the british trip hop group massive attack , released as a single on 7 july 1997 , it is the first single from ?
all the light we can not see is a novel written by which american author of novels and short stories , born on october 27 , 1973 ?
what is a mixed martial arts event held by the ultimate fighting championship on october 22 , 2004 , at the trump plaza in atlantic city , new jersey ?
what does david bowie and the lodge have in common ?
blue fire is a steel family launched by a roller coaster that is the ride 's tagline what ?
li yitong played huang rong on a tv series that started airing on which tv channel ?
morgan paull was an american actor who appeared in a 1982 american neo-noir science fiction film that was a loose adaptation of the 1968 novel by who ?
what is the real name of the designer of the 2016 american science fiction film directed by morten tyldum ?
thirukkalachery , is a small village in nagapattinam district , tranquebar , in which town in the nagapattinam district of the indian state of tamil nadu ?
how long is the river in which the rolls-royce rb.23 welland is located ?
st. george is a town in a maine town that is in the town of what ?
the evil clown is a subversion of the traditional comic clown character , it 's a 1986 horror novel by american author stephen king , in which year ?
who directed the 2017 psychological horror-thriller film in which barry keoghan appeared ?
the bajaj priya was a three-speed , 150cc scooter manufactured by an italian brand of scooter manufactured by who ?
drunken master ii stars a hong kong-based chinese actor who is one of his most famous works works as what ?
ara sarandí is the fourth and last ship of a class of warships built in germany in what country ?
how many records has the artist who released the album four seasons of love sold over ?
" yodel it ! " was compared to which song by taylor swift ?
where is the administrative center of the city in which ingrida ardišauskaitė born ?
johnnie casson is an english comedian who has appeared on numerous occasions on british television , notably on itv 's " the comedians " and many guest spots on which ?
who did the actress who played lady prudence shackleton in " the crown " play in " villa des roses " ?
rory kostjasyn is a former australian professional rugby league footballer , he played in the national rugby league for which rugby league team based in melbourne , victoria ?
how many records has the producer of " born 2 b.r.e.e.d . " sold ?
what is the name of the lead vocalist of the band that released the song " what lovers do " ?
what province is the birthplace of the preeminent mathematician and engineer archimedes ?
what is an annual literary journal that features an american poet , writer , commentator , activist , and educator born june 7 , 1943 ?
" the boss " is the second single from an album that was released in what year ?
what is the name of the adorns excavated by thomas bateman ?
in what 2013 south korean sports film did kwon yu-ri star in ?
what year was the sequel to miss peregrine 's home for peculiar children released ?
who produced the track for the song " the girl is mine " ?
telemark ] is a county in norway , bordering buskerud and telemark , the county administration is in tønsberg , and the largest city is sandefjord , with the exception ?
when was the song with the song " take me to the clouds above " released ?
" the fixer " is a song by the american rock band pearl jam , released on september 20 , 2009 , as the first single from the band 's ?
the heart never lies is the eleventh album by an american singer-songwriter who is the author of what new ballad ?
dennis anderson is a former driver of what monster truck racing team in the feld entertainment monster jam series ?
what team did jack del rio coach that was fired on november 29 and replaced on an interim basis by defensive coordinator mel tucker ?
perfect 10 is an online adult website – and formerly a monthly and then quarterly men 's magazine – that features a russian glamour model and former pornographic actress who ?
one more river was an american drama film starring an english novelist who won the nobel prize in literature in what year ?
henry clifford , 2nd earl of cumberland was a member of the clifford family , seated at which castle ?
who was born first , naomi jacobson or naomi jacobson ?
akira is a 1988 japanese adult animated science fiction film starring an american voice actor known for his voice-work in what ?
what united states senator from hawaii won the 1992 united states senate election in hawaii alongside democrat u.s. senator daniel inouye ?
halebeedu , karnataka , is the regal capital of a muslim sultanate that stretched over large parts of the indian subcontinent for how many years ?
what team did kevin bookout play with that play in the big 12 conference ?
the bionic vet is a documentary series following the work of the veterinary surgeon best known for his work in small animal practice at what age ?
lt. col. masahiko takeshita ( 竹下正彦 , takeshita masahiko ) was the head of the domestic affairs section of the military affairs bureau of the imperial japanese army during world ?
the cloverdale fairgrounds is located in a city that is a member of which regional district ?
what is the name of this 2011 american slasher film directed by adam wingard and starring sharni vinson , nicholas tucci , and lance reddick ?
the big 12 conference is a 501 collegiate athletic conference headquartered in irving , texas , it is a member of the ncaa 's division i for all sports ; ?
what year was the prequel to " forever kingdom " founded ?
who attacked the small city that is located on the western shore of the okhamandal peninsula on the peninsula on the right bank of the gomti river ?
what country of origin does jillian hall and jillian hall have in common ?
emu australia is a unisex style of which australian lifestyle brand that designs , produces and markets footwear and accessories ?
geoff latulippe is an american screenwriter and film director best known as the writer of the 2010 film directed by who ?
orica house is one of the world ’ s largest provider of what ?
ocnus or bianor , was a son of manto and tiberinus , king of alba longa , an ancient city of latium in central italy , in which uk country ?
the 2002 united states senate election in minnesota took place on november 5 , 2002 , the democratic-farmer-labor party ( born august 17 , 1949 ) is an american lobbyist ?
what type of land does hardley flood and common pochard have in common ?
when did the war period in which the battle of cambrai took place ?
what movie did nicolas cage star in that was directed by norman jewison ?
according to the 2011 census , what was the population of the city in which royal wahingdoh f.c is based ?
joseph jacob " joe " foss ( april 17 , 1915 – january 1 , 2003 ) was a united states marine corps major and the leading marine fighter ace ?
3 arts entertainment is a beverly hills–based talent management and television/film production company founded by erwin stoff in 1991 in preparation for producing the television show " down the shore ?
g-a-y is a gay nightclub in london , england , it moved to famous gay venue , on friday 3 , 2008 , it moved to famous gay venue ?
john clare is the son of a farm professor at what university ?
aquilo is a song by what german musical project from silverdale , lancashire , england , consisting of tom higham and ben fletcher ?
the george draper dayton house was built by an american businessman who was most famous for being the founder of what ?
turgay sabit şeren was awarded a testimonial match by the club in 1967 in istanbul , inviting players like which former goalkeeper , nicknamed " black spider " ?
when was the roman emperor who discovered the great antonine altar born ?
finding chandra is a book by the politician who holds a b.b.a from what school ?
steve uzelac is an english former footballer , who played in the football league for doncaster rovers , which professional association football club located in preston , lancashire ?
eugene hobbs hobbs ii was named the 2010 divers alert network/ of what company ?
the winner of newcastle united 's first season in the premier league following their promotion from the 137th edition of the oldest recognised football tournament in what league ?
hains point is located at the southern tip of east potomac park and what other presidential memorial that is dedicated to thomas jefferson ?
johnny mathis : wonderful , wonderful ! is a television concert by american pop singer johnny mathis that was recorded on october 27 , 2006 , at the tropicana hotel ?
according to the 2011 census , what was the population of the area in which ba connect is headquartered ?
" angry dad : the movie " is the fourteenth episode of a season that began airing on what date ?
what bazaar is located close to the main residence of the emperors of the mughal dynasty ?
what is the flagship university of the university system that gretchen cordero cordero is a member of ?
bellini is an italian surname , it 's in italian consists of a given name , given name ?
steve rash is an american film director and producer best known for directing such films as a 1987 american teen romantic comedy feature film starring who ?
kāneʻ ohe is a census-designated place ( cdp ) included in the city & county of honolulu , hawaii , in which country ?
the great seal of the state of montana was a united states territory , when it became a state in 1889 , it was decided to use the same seal ?
northern kings was a cover of which finnish heavy metal vocalist ?
dayton , ohio is just north of what metropolitan area that includes counties in the u.s. states of ohio ?
batthyány is the name of an old distinguished hungarian magnate whose term is from the late latin what ?
what battle in the japanese conquest of burma was chiang kai-shek born in ?
in what county is matthew gregory herr born in ?
daniel boone is an american action-adventure television series starring an american actor notable college football player who was a notable college football player for what university ?
collins and maconie 's hit parade was broadcast on which network ?
when did the 2014 south korean television series starring lee jong-suk air ?
bisexuality behavior in animals is sexual behavior among non-human species that is interpreted as what ?
the 2010 nevada wolf pack football team , were led by which public research university , located in reno , nevada ?
who directed the 2002 american superhero horror film in which luke damon goss appeared ?
adena t. friedman was the managing director and cfo of an american multinational private equity , alternative asset management and financial services corporation , who specializes in what ?
what officer in the royal air force also starred in battle of britain ?
who was born first , thomas moray or henry henry moray ?
what is the birth name of the father of tryphosa bates-batcheller ?
what is the name of the oldest private university in georgia ?
death of a soldier was based on the life of which american soldier and serial killer ?
who was the first prophet of the dynasty that was the sixth pharaoh of the dynasty dynasty ?
during the 2002–03 season , the start of the season was marked by the departure of ronaldo and the arrival of hernán crespo after club had already acquired fabio cannavaro ?
what cbs-affiliated television station is licensed to wichita , kansas ?
who was the lead prosecutor in the courts-martial of a united states army soldier for a premeditated attack in the early morning hours of march 23 , 2003 ?
the composer of the seasons of the seasons served as director of what between 1905 and 1928 ?
squarepusher is the principal pseudonym adopted by a british acid techno and what ?
in what year was the man who directed the film " panic 5 bravo " born ?
when was the son of princess elena of romania born ?
what does františek rint and house of schwarzenberg have in common ?
which hong kong based actress starred in the 1986 hong kong action comedy film where 's officer tuba ?
michael j. hunter was appointed attorney general to an american lawyer and republican politician who is currently the fourteenth administrator of what environmental agency ?
beauty and the beast is an adaptation of what 1991 animated musical romantic fantasy film ?
what is the birthdate of this danish-british comedian , writer , actor , presenter and producer on british radio and television , who appeared in bully boy ?
the 2011–12 syracuse orange men 's basketball team represented a conference that consisted of how many ncaa sports ?
" moho house " is the twenty first episode of the twenty-eighth season of the animated television series " the simpsons " , on may 4 , 2015 , fox ?
which guest star in the episode " emanuelle goes to dinosaur land " was born on december 3 , 1960 ?
the ethics of ambiguity was prompted by what french journal whose first issue appeared in october 1945 ?
who is the head coach of the team that represents the 2015–16 iowa state cyclones men 's basketball team ?
colorpoint shorthairs is a variety of domestic cat , depending on the cat registry , which refers to animal coat coloration with a pale body and relatively darker extremities ?
west oaks is a small subdivision in houston , texas , beginning in the 1990s , george h. w. bush became a resident of the neighborhood , george h. w. ?
what is an amtrak train station in a passenger train operated by amtrak between new york city and miami , florida , united states ?
phil lloyd is an australian actor and scriptwriter , and is best known for his acting role as myles barlow , in the australian tv series , " review with ?
pendaflex is an office organization solutions company headquartered in which city , ny , usa , it is owned by esselte ?
vincent landay created the 2010 short film that was directed by whom ?
gábor csupó , is a hungarian animator , writer , director , producer and graphic designer , he is co-founder of which animation studio , a 2009 fantasy film based ?
gevherhan sultan was the granddaughter of which longest-reigning sultan of the ottoman empire ?
the ecac hockey team is an ncaa division i ice hockey team that represents a conference that used to be affiliated with what conference ?
april " ape " margera has appeared on mtv 's " viva la bam " , an american cable and satellite television channel owned by what company ?
eli raphael roth , is an american film director , producer , writer , and actor , his most recent directorial effort was the 2015 american martial arts film directed ?
james jinkins created the 1999 animated film based on the disney version of what television series ?
the auburn tigers football team represented auburn university in the 1892 college football season , it was the first college football team fielded by the agricultural and mechanical college of ?
kenneth hood " buddy " mackay jr. was briefly the 42nd governor of florida following the death of who ?
the nanocar is a molecule designed in 2005 at a group headed by a professor of computer science at what university ?
right whales are three species of large baleen whales of the genus eubalaena with two of the third fleet engaged in what activities ?
odda , also known as oddune , was a ninth-century viking of devon , he is known for his victory at the battle of cynwit in 878 , where his ?
australia competed at the 2012 winter youth olympics in innsbruck , the chef de mission of the team will be the chef de mission of any australian olympic team ?
what is the capital of the indian state that includes mundawar ?
the swiss federal popular initiative " against mass immigration " was a referendum that aimed to limit immigration through quotas , was a referendum that aimed to limit immigration through ?
awki lies southeast of what longest continental mountain range ?
what is another name for the liberal arts institution in which st. john 's college is a roman catholic institution ?
christian rivers is an upcoming new zealand-american science fiction action adventure film , he also direct the upcoming adaptation of " mortal engines " , an upcoming new zealand-american science ?
" next boyfriend " is a song by which american country music singer and songwriter from rossville , georgia ?
snowboard academy starred the actress who began her career with who ?
who directed a 2015 american drama film starring an american actor born april 7 , 1976 ?
colin kolles is the former team principal and managing director of what formula one team that competed in the 2007 formula one world championship ?
the volvo s40 is a compact luxury car marketed and produced by the swedish manufacturer volvo cars from which year , across two generations ?
what major international multi-sport event did ivan konrad trajkovič play for ?
which premier league of the top-flight english professional league for men 's football clubs was endorsed by the chairmen of a number of premier league clubs ?
denise coates is a founder of a gambling company that employs how many people ?
jack andrew lowden , is a scottish stage , television actor and film actor , his first major international onscreen success was in which 2016 bbc miniseries ?
what type of group does hirsute pursuit and gay sexual have in common ?
according to the 2010 census , what was the population of the city in which stephen joseph bercik served as mayor ?
norman l. buckley is an american television director and editor best known for his work on an american family drama television series created by peter paige and bradley bredeweg which ?
jan romer , was a polish general and military commander , his troops fought against which ground force of the austro-hungarian dual monarchy from 1867 to 1918 ?
english military and political leader and later lord protector of the commonwealth of which english military and political leader and later married to bridget cromwell ?
karel jan bossart was a pioneering rocket designer and creator of what ?
in what year was the county where milltown , montana is located founded ?
what is the episode of south park that includes the episode " funnybot " ?
ant autopsy is a 2006 british comedy film with elements of science fiction , directed by jonny campbell , it was a moderate commercial success , making what ?
when was the irish television and radio presenter born who hosted the 2009 british academy television awards ?
" gives you hell " is a song by american rock band the all-american rejects , an american rock band formed in stillwater , oklahoma in which year ?
philip carlo was a biographer of what american contract killer and serial killer who was convicted of murdering five people ?
james edwin tracy ( born december 31 , 1955 ) is a former professional baseball manager and player , he has managed the second manager to win the award after ?
what is sonny merna 's role in the british channel 4 soap opera , hollyoaks ?
what is the name of this american statesman , author , explorer , soldier , naturalist , and reformer who created the sculpture mount rushmore national memorial ?
finity 's end is a science fiction novel written by which american writer of speculative fiction ?
piano concerto no . 6 in d major , hess 15 is an unfinished piano concerto by a composer who passed away in which year ?
what is an american ultra low cost carrier , headquartered in miramar , florida , that operates bases at detroit city , an american ultra low cost carrier ?
thomas nobis was the first overall selection in the 1966 nfl draft for a team that represented what university ?
the suffolk traction company is a former streetcar system in a hamlet town in which town in new york ?
who was the 38th season for the team that defeated the patriots in the 2007 super bowl ?
jennifer ventimilia co-wrote a show that was an episode of which simpsons show ?
when was the norwegian professional biathlete born who is often referred to by the nickname " the king of biathlon " ?
the governor of santiago del estero is a citizen of what province in the north of argentina ?
what is the capital city of the province ornella fiorentini is from ?
the stag inn is operated as a tied house by a brewery founded in what year ?
what is the population of the area in which para hills west is located ?
miles christopher doleac appeared in what 1999 american gothic supernatural horror film that was directed by tim burton ?
michael leach was named interim head coach of the red raiders , following the red raiders to winning seasons in what year ?
in what year did the second woman to hold both positions , theresa may serve as prime minister of the united kingdom ?
fort nisqually was an important fur trading and farming post of a city in what county ?
rob is an american sitcom television series that premiered on cbs , the series stars which american actress , alongside cheech marin , and lupe ontiveros ?
what short evangelical gospel tracts does dark dungeons appear ?
young dolph was featured on what american hip hop recording artist ?
the 2016 blancpain gt series sprint cup was the fourth season following from a world championship sports car racing series held on what date ?
which women 's liberal arts college is home to the executive director of the workplace project in 1992 ?
who is the bassist of the band that released the single killing you ?
mike conaway was asked to lead the investigation into russian interference in what event ?
lakeside shopping centre was constructed on the site of what stock car and speedway racing track that was built alongside the venue in 1988 ?
who was born first , luke weidman or chris weidman ?
southpark is a shopping mall named after the affluent southpark neighborhood the mall is located in what part of the united states ?
what is a superhero magical girl manga series created by taeko ikeda ?
what is the middle name of the actress that plays the lead character in " hairspray " ?
shepard settlement was a farming hamlet located in a town whose town and village are southwest of what ?
" the safety dance " is a song by canadian new wave/synth-pop band men without hats , released in canada in what year ?
kasimir bileski ( september 14 , 1908 - january 19 , 2005 ) was a noted canadian philatelist and stamp dealer based in winnipeg , manitoba , one of the ?
jerry kyd is the former captain of the british aircraft carrier hms " queen elizabeth " -class will wear the royal navy rank of what ?
facta loquuntur was the first full-length album released by a german national socialist black metal band that is a movement within what movement ?
who was born first , kait parker or rob marciano ?
when was the author of the series of four vampire-themed fantasy romance novels born ?
wmbh is a radio station licensed to a city that is in what corner of the u.s. state of missouri ?
the alexander dawson school at rainbow mountain provides how many acres ?
douglas d. scott is an american archaeologist most notable for his work at the little bighorn in the mid-1980s , working with richard fox , melissa connor , and staff ?
which landmark authority in the united states was established by the united states congress in april 1824 ?
in 2000 , what was the name of the group that iss a/s was founded in ?
who is noted for playing chad bond in the 2011 american sports drama film directed by bennett miller ?
the artist who released the album " quintessentially unreal " is commonly referred to as " la fée verte " in what ?
the communications museum is a museum in nossa senhora de fátima , freguesia de nossa senhora de fátima is the northernmost and largest freguesia ( parish ) in macau peninsula ?
three-card brag is a 16th-century british card game , crash brag is a british card game extension of nine-card brag is in which country ?
what 1962 film did the director of …all the marbles star in ?
john christopher lujack jr. , is a former american football quarterback and 1947 heisman trophy winner , and was the first of several successful quarterbacks who hailed from western pennsylvania ?
jamell anderson plays basketball for a team based in what city ?
jonas tilly was a member of the swedish world record team at what university that is under the california master plan for higher education ?
the 2017 brit awards was held at what multi-purpose indoor arena located in the centre of the o2 entertainment complex on the greenwich peninsula in south-east london ?
the porsche 944 is a sports car made by porsche from 1982 to 1991 , a front-engined , rear-wheel drive mid-level model based on how platform , the 944 was ?
who directed the 1954 american crime mystery film in which a modern remake of alfred hitchcock 's 1954 film " dial m for murder " is loosely based ?
what is the 2001 south korean romantic comedy film directed by kwak jae-yong and starring jun ji-hyun ?
the novella " the innocents " on the novella " the turn of the screw " was originally published in what year ?
" friends " is the fourth studio album by canadian singer and songwriter justin bieber , it serves as the follow-up to bieber 's third studio album " believe " ?
when was the husband of the soon-to-be-husband of princess elizabeth born ?
where did the player nicknamed " the worm " play his freshman season ?
what star of " the crowded sky " was also in " the best years of our lives " ?
the red queen 's race is a science fiction short story by american writer isaac asimov , it uses the red queen 's race from lewis carroll 's " through ?
eusebio valli , was a physician from lari , pisa , italy , who discovered animal electricity , he is recognized as the pioneer of what ?
otto hans adolf gross , was an austrian psychoanalyst , he later became an anarchist and joined what community ?
the 5.6×61mm se is based on a first-generation smokeless powder that was developed in 1891 for use in what country ?
what unincorporated community in southeastern monroe county , missouri , united states was home to an american writer , humorist , entrepreneur , publisher , and lecturer ?
who was born first , daniil shafran or anton ginsburg ?
when was american musical theatre director , writer , choreographer , and dancer who wrote seesaw born ?
which official residence of the mayor of the city of new york was built in 1799 ?
what river is the aspen institute located on ?
how far north-east of sydney is the town that matthew butturini was born in ?
what character did andrew mills play in the amc horror drama " the walking dead " ?
pre-creedence is a compilation album by the golliwogs which changed its name to creedence clearwater revival , was an american rock band active in which time ?
dark horse was a studio album that included the controversial north of which controversial event ?
double is the first full-length album from a band that came out in which year ?
unbroken is a 2014 american war film produced and directed by angelina jolie , the film revolves around the life of usa olympian and army officer louis " louie " ?
chandgi ram , often referred to as master chandgi ram , was a freestyle wrestler from india , he won gold medal in the 1970 asian games and represented india ?
ulysses is a decommissioned robotic space probe whose primary mission was to orbit the what ?
jim kelch is a broadcaster for the cincinnati reds , joining kelch on the broadcast team for the reds , a former major league baseball first what ?
the fort worth zoo is a zoo in a magazine published by who ?
what is the name given to the large bipedal creature which is an anglicized derivative of the halkomelem word " sásq'ets " ?
robbie tucker , is an american actor , his best known role on which american television black comedy sitcom that premiered on fx on august 4 , 2005 ?
the sleepers are two mountain peaks located in grafton county , new hampshire , the sleepers are flanked to the northwest by mount tripyramid , to the northeast by mount ?
when was the album that " n.y. state of mind " was sampled in released ?
johan henrik deuntzer was a member of what social-liberal political party in denmark ?
what is the name of the symphony that features an american jazz musician and singer-songwriter with a career spanning nearly thirty years ?
after the truth is a 1999 german film depicting the fictional trial of a german " schutzstaffel " officer and physician who fled to what country ?
oscar w. koch was a brigadier general in the u.s. army and the third army intelligence officer ( g-2 ) while the army was commanded by general george s. patton ?
paul keenan was a british 20th century contemporary composer whose book was donated to the library of exeter cathedral by who ?
what was the 2010 population of the county in which wildcat brook is located ?
what type of media does nick fury and agent of s.h.i.e.l.d have in common ?
the hamburg mountains are a range of what system of mountains in eastern america ?
who was born first , salvatore avellino or tony ducks ?
pawnography is an american game show broadcast by history , hosted by comedian christopher titus and featuring richard corey " big hoss " harrison ( born april 27 , 1983 ?
what is the name of the largest mass murder of lithuanian jews ?
havenhurst is a 2017 american horror film starring an american actress who won the 2006 saturn award for what film ?
what award did the star of pilot episode of cougar town win in 2011 ?
eric goldberg is a game designer who has worked primarily on what online video game designed by eric goldberg and developed by greg costikyan ?
what year was the singer of el tío disparate born ?
jerky versions of the dream is the only solo album recorded by a band formed in which city ?
christopher c summers is an american professional ice hockey defenseman currently playing for a team that moved into which new arena ?
what was marlon brando 's role in the 1953 epic metro-goldwyn-mayer film adaptation of shakespeare ?
stacy barthe worked with which american singer and songwriter born on october 25 , 1984 ?
arabella chapman is best remembered for being the first student to graduate from what public high school with an enrollment of about 2,300 students ?
glen river is a short river that flows from a granite mountain range whose highest of these is slieve donard at what ?
what is the name of the vizier of ebla who was also the successor of the vizier of ebla ?
canning samples of preserving food from which american company that makes metal beverage and food cans ?
jack carlton reed was a pilot working under which colombian drug lord ?
what state did the 2007 orange bowl game take place in ?
who was born first , benedict arnold or benedict arnold ?
the kingdom of equestria , or simply , equestria , is the primary setting for hasbro 's animated show , " " , and its feature film " " ?
the dinner party is an installation artwork by feminist artist judy chicago , widely regarded as the first epic feminist artwork , it was born on which date ?
the 2015 monaco gp2 series round was a pair of motor races held on which date , at the circuit de monaco , monte carlo , monaco as part of ?
who was born first , flula borg or dirk nowitzki ?
saulius kuzminskas is a basketball player that plays for the nba team that plays at what position ?
downtown bentonville is the historic district of what district of the united states , home to over 3 million people as of 2017 ?
andrew philip decaro is best known as the lead guitarist for an artist who began creating music at what age ?
what was the nationality of the man who exhibited at the royal exhibition gallery in piccadilly in may , 1856 ?
who was the third president of the declaration of independence and later served as the third president of the declaration of independence ?
who directed a 2007 american fantasy comedy film that starred an actor best known for playing michael scott on the american version of " the office " ?
psilocybin , is a naturally occurring psychedelic prodrug compound produced by more than 200 species of mushrooms , collectively known as what ?
henri christophe took part under a successful anti-slavery and anti-colonial insurrection against french colonial rule in what city ?
igate is a french multinational information technology consulting corporation headquartered in paris , france , it was founded in 1967 by serge kampf , in which country ?
in her shoes is a american comedy-drama film , released in which year , based on the novel of the same name by jennifer weiner , it stars jennifer weiner ?
the college of education is located in the world 's largest metropolis of the republic of korea that is how many miles long ?
what is the name of this genocidal mass slaughter of tutsi in rwanda where members of the hutu majority government was assassinated in the rwandan genocide of 1994 ?
who founded a craft brewery that is the largest brewery in maryland ?
the bnc ( bayonet neill–concelman ) connector is a miniature quick connect/disconnect radio frequency connector used for which type of russian made rf connector for coaxial cables ?
" time keeps on slippin " is the title of an american animated science fiction comedy series created by who ?
david blair redford is a fictional character on which cbs soap opera ?
when was the luxury fashion house founded by nikii daas founded ?
the author of " bambi " a life in the woods originally published what austrian novel in austria ?
richard gillow was an english architect and businessman who was the son of an english furniture making firm founded in what year ?
what song did liz rose work on that was written by swift and liz rose ?
who directed a 1994 american superhero fantasy comedy film that was produced by an american writer , lawyer , actor , and commentator on political and economic issues ?
the author of " new zealand 's julia child " is recognized for bringing french cuisine to the american public with her debut cookbook called what ?
octopussy is the thirteenth entry in the eon productions " james bond " , and the sixth to star roger moore as the fictional mi6 agent james bond ?
black journal is based on the real life events of which italian serial killer ?
inserra supermarkets inc. is headquartered in what new jersey founded in 1946 ?
mick chatterton is a former grand prix motorcycle road racer , a former grand prix motorcycle road racer , who is the oldest what ?
janet beer , is the vice-chancellor of the university of liverpool , she took over from which public university based in the city of liverpool , england ?
kenneth a. arnold was an american aviator and businessman who is best known for making what ?
soundcloud rap is a genre mixing lo-fi music with hip hop music that had originated on which american rapper , singer , and songwriter ?
private music was an american independent record label founded by an english drummer who gained worldwide fame as the drummer for who ?
olivia dejonge , is an australian actress , known for playing tara swift in the series " hiding " and becca in the film " the visit " . ?
who founded the american basic cable and satellite television channel that premiered on cartoon network 's late night programming block adult swim on october 12 , 2012 ?
what country of origin does arsenalfantv and olivier giroud have in common ?
derek stephen prince is an american voice actor who is most memorable for his various roles in the " digimon " series , as well as ?
what is the name of the musical based on the gospel in which merrell jackson played one of the apostles in the film " godspell " ?
what is the official marathon of the event that sabrina mockenhaupt represented ?
china airlines has three hub to which airline based in taipei , taiwan , whose parent company is china airlines ?
in what city is the house that brian mannal is from located in ?
the mercurial vapor is a football boot endorsed by many players such as a swiss professional footballer who plays what national team ?
what is the nickname of the roadway that extends the mosholu parkway ?
viscount barnewall was created for what king who was the last roman catholic monarch of england , scotland , scotland ?
pyrrhus describes pyrrhus as encamping in the plain between what ?
one tough bastard , also known as one man 's justice , is a 1995 american action film , written by which american professional football player ?
what is the name of the white cougar or panthera ?
the 2015 masters tournament was led by an american professional golfer who is a three-time major winner and what ?
which actor who appeared in the 2004 american psychological thriller film , november , was born june 26 , 1970 ?
guggenheim partners , llc is a private equity investment holdings firm owned by todd boehly , llc , of which company ?
the 2005–06 season was birmingham city football club 's 103rd season in the english football league system and their fourth in the premier league , under the management of steve ?
what town is leased by an english ecclesiastical lawyer ?
maria golovin is an english language opera in three acts by which italian-american composer and librettist ?
gleanntáin ghlas ' ghaoth dobhair , is a song in the irish language written by irish musician proinsias ó maonaigh ( father of mairéad ní mhaonaigh of altan ) about ?
hugh de kevelioc , 5th earl of chester was the son of the earl of what gloucester town ?
the 22nd avn awards ceremony took place in what county ?
the old ones ( sometimes referred to be a combination of equal parts spirit , magical energy , and physical flesh are fictional , vastly powerful beings of unknown origin ?
within ghost hunting and parapsychology , electronic voice phenomena , are which type of voice ?
lars tolumnius , was the most famous king of the wealthy etruscan city-state of veii , and was the spoken and written language of what ?
who was the wife of the astronaut and scientist who died in the space shuttle " challenger " disaster ?
booked ! was a radio programme that included an english radio dj and television presenter working in what field of music ?
in mexico is the second photo book by an american visual artist who has how many golden globe awards ?
the ofc u-20 championship 1986 was held at a stadium formerly known as what ?
the animated television series that first aired on february 12 , 2014 began with 2 episodes airing on what date ?
what is the name of the prussian general and military theorist who worked with classical realism ?
the third season of which animated television series , originally aired in the united states on cartoon network 's late night programming block , adult swim ?
the a13 motorway is located next to a third largest airport that handled over how much in 2016 ?
the osirion or osireon is an ancient egyptian temple , it is located at abydos , to the rear of the temple of seti i , it is located at ?
what type of theme does bart sells and have in common ?
the third fitzwilliam meetinghouse is a historic meeting house on a town in what county ?
la heredera ( the heiress ) is a mexican telenovela produced by tv azteca , it marked the third reunion for which mexican actress ?
katherine ann dettwyler was an adjunct professor at the university of delaware , who was arrested at how many years ?
roxie hart is a 1942 american comedy film starring an american entertainer and comedic actor known as what ?
the economy of norway is a special operations forces unit of a norwegian special operation established in 1982 due to the increased risk of what ?
just before i go starred the canadian actress who became known for what character in " 24 " ?
the toyota innova , is a compact mpv or muv manufactured by the japanese automaker toyota , the innova is part of toyota 's imv program together with the hilux ?
the manchester arena is an indoor arena in manchester , england , immediately north of the city centre and partly above which station , in air rights space ?
according to the " journal of computational , " how many times was the journal established ?
metro west ambulance is an ambulance corporation based in the u.s. state formerly known as what ?
what geographical area of north lincolnshire , england contains the trolleybus museum ?
what is the population of the town that canobie lake is located in ?
joseph reiser was a longtime general manager of what swiss luxury watchmaker ?
roslin castle is located on the river north of the castle just just what from roslin castle ?
karl julius perleb , was a german botanist and natural scientist , a city in which city in germany with a population of about 220,000 ?
shane and friends is an american audio podcast created by an american youtube personality who have a combined total of more than how many views ?
what was the name of the grandfather of the grandfather of shah shah ?
mary barton is the first novel by which english author , biographer , and short story writer , often referred to as mrs ?
the footballer who won the only captain to climb the wembley steps in 1964 was cited by what man as the greatest defender of all time ?
suzie toase is a british actress who is possibly best known for her role as alecto carrow in a film directed by who ?
who founded the american basic cable and satellite television channel that aired on underfist : halloween bash ( otherwise known as underfist ) ?
bramble rose is the debut album by a singer who has released how many highway records ?
what mostly decommissioned nuclear production complex is operated by a hydroelectric , concrete gravity dam ?
the southern miss golden eagles football program represents the university of southern mississippi in college football at which ncaa division , an american gridiron football player and coach ?
what is the birthdate of this british actress , known primarily for her role as jane banks in walt disney 's feature film adaptation of mary poppins ?
don van vliet , was an american singer , songwriter , musician and artist best known by the stage name captain beefheart , on which tv show ?
what is the name of the electronic musical instrument that is a musical instrument that produces sound using electronic circuitry and/or digital devices ?
what is the middle name of the father of jack binion 's father ?
who is a retired iranian football player who played for a club based in hamburg ?
who was married to the fourth son of william the conqueror ?
" rock you like a hurricane " is a song released as the lead single from which ninth studio album by german hard rock band scorpions ?
where is the headquarters of the brewing company that produced cougar bourbon whiskey ?
who was the founder of the company that operates a chain of supermarkets headquartered in schenectady , new york ?
what is the name of the swiss manufacturer founded in 1983 by the merger of allgemeine gesellschaft der schweizerischen uhrenindustrie ( asuag ) and société suisse pour l'industrie horlogère ?
brian f. curran is a politician from what census-designated place ?
41st tactical squadron operates the jet fighter aircraft developed by what company ?
for which club does this english professional footballer play , who surpassed the english national team for which david joseph joseph beckham is a former professional footballer ?
" lesbian request denied " is the third episode of the first season of an american comedy-drama web television series created by who ?
horse the band is an american band from a broadly defined music genre that initially emerged from hardcore punk and what ?
joseph " joe " papp established the public theater in what festival under the direction of joseph papp ?
frank augustus miller was the owner of a hotel that is generally considered considered what ?
haunted is the second album by american author mark z. danielewski , published in march 2000 by pantheon books , it has been translated into a number of languages ?
what is a tree on crown lands was chosen to become the boston christmas tree ?
which integrated mixed-used developments of sm prime holdings is integrated in a shopping mall owned by sm prime holdings ?
thomas boutflower bennett was a remembered at what independent boys ' school in the south australian capital of adelaide ?
the hungry hustlerz : starvation is motivation is the fifth studio album by which american rapper and musician ?
sinatra : london is a 3cd & 1dvd frank sinatra box set from great britain , the set includes the 1962 album " sinatra sings great songs from great britain ?
jeff bhasker collaborated with kanye west on what song by american rapper kanye west ?
" lady " is the final single from the 2004 album " baptism " by an american rock musician that was born in what year ?
who is a claimant to the headship of the house that ruled italy from 1861 to 1946 ?
who distributed norm of the north by the actor who played thomas durant on " hell on wheels " ?
what is the name of the coastal town in new south wales that has a population of 2,870 people ?
rafael de souza is a defensive midfielder for which top level of the mexican football league system ?
in which county was seale harris born ?
kentucky route 393 ( ky 393 ) is a state highway located in which county located in the commonwealth of kentucky ?
how many acres is the mountain that is home to the profile lake ?
the order of the lithuanian grand duke gediminas was instituted to honour the citizens of lithuania during what period ?
philippa lucy appeared in a british soap opera that is a british soap opera that was created by granada television and shown on what network ?
manchester united 's 43rd consecutive season in the top flight of english football is scheduled to finish how many 2018 ?
faena art center is the cultural center of the faena district buenos aires , an argentine hotelier and real estate developer , founded by who ?
wanderlodge is a high end brand of which american bus manufacturer headquartered in fort valley , georgia , from 1963 until 2009 ?
what is the name of the short story written by richard connell and directed by berthold viertel ?
general motors pioneered upward in price , power and appointments to which american automobile division of the american manufacturer general motors ( gm ) ?
secret of the chateau is a 1934 american crime film starring an american film director best known for his long career at what ?
adnan khan is noted for playing what ?
the revival of 1800 was a series of evangelical christian meetings that began in logan county , kentucky , the startling manifestations of revival fervor that first occurred in june ?
gerald grosvenor grosvenor was the son of a british aristocrat who is estimated to be worth what ?
excuse my french is the debut studio album by american rapper french montana , the album features guest appearances from diddy , an american rapper and actor , from cleveland ?
k-y jelly agreed to buy the k-y brand from what american multinational medical devices , pharmaceutical and consumer packaged goods manufacturing company ?
if these walls could talk was directed by which american singer and actress ?
legends of the fall features what american writer who is best known for his 1979 novella " legends of the fall " ?
the jesse bushyhead was a member of the john ross faction of the cherokees , he was born in what year ?
yōko shōji , is a japanese manga artist , she is best known for writing " seito shokun ! " , a japanese manga written and illustrated by yōko shōji ?
home free is an american sitcom starring matthew perry , marian mercer and diana canova , that was an american actress and singer , and what ?
which lebanese limited production supercar featured the fate of the furious in 2017 ?
what is the call sign for the regional airline subsidiary that operates the scheduled passenger flight on behalf of united express ?
apfelwein is a traditional dish served in an german words for cider that has an alcohol content of how much ?
what is the name of the houston restaurant that is headquartered in houston , texas ?
the peer-reviewed open access scientific journal covering research on all aspects of entropy and information studies was established in what year ?
" renegade " is a 1979 hit song recorded by an american rock band from what city ?
" million dollar quartet " is a jukebox musical written by who , it dramatizes the million dollar quartet recording session of december 4 , 1956 ?
pietro colonna galatino ( 1460 – 1540 ) , also known as petrus galatinus , was an italian friar minor , philosopher , theologian and orientalist , sometimes referred to ?
high rollers casino allows players to partake in various games typically found within a casino games can be played outside of what ?
ufo magazine has influenced which american writer and researcher who specialized in anomalous phenomena ?
god is not great : how religion poisons everything is a 2007 book by an author who made his confrontational style of debate made him ?
" gangnam style " is the 18th k-pop single , by which south korean singer , rapper , songwriter , and record producer ?
what is the birth name of the woman who narrated the television miniseries " a woman called moses " ?
the cinematic orchestra is a british nu jazz and electronic music group , most recent includes an english independent record label based where ?
edoardo soleri , is an italian footballer who plays for spezia on loan , from which professional italian football club based in rome ?
the uninvited is a 2009 american psychological horror film directed by the guard brothers , it is a remake of the 2003 south korean k-horror film " a tale of ?
live at the electric is a british comedy series hosted by an english actress who works with joe wilkinson as part of what group ?
the 2004–05 nba season was the hawks ' 56th season in the national basketball association , and 37th season in atlanta , along the way , the team acquired tyronn ?
what is the gimmick of the movie that spy kids 4 : all the time in the world is a 2011 adventure comedy ?
suzanne simone baptiste louverture was the wife of the leader of what team ?
like many of marivaux 's , la surprise de l'amour " makes use of stock characters from the commedia dell'arte . in this play , arlequin and who ?
there 's more is a comedy sketch show starring an irish comedian who currently lives with his family in what city ?
ed hugler served as acting secretary of which former dean of florida international university college ?
bob johnson was an english footballer who played non-league football for what club founded in 1928 ?
cheating is any of numerous accessories used by cheats to help them them of an unpleasant situation which is the receiving of what ?
souleyman sané is the father of a german professional footballer who plays as a winger for what club ?
how many legs and are easily recognized by the pair of grasping pedipalps have a predatory arachnids of the order scorpiones ?
who was born first , mary o'connell or mary o'connell ?
the 2015–16 philadelphia 76ers season was the 77th season of the franchise in the national basketball association ( nba ) , it was the second straight season that joel embiid ?
st. paul 's school is what type of edifice in the village of garden city , new york , united states ?
who was born first , robbie gould or chris paul ?
san jose secondary educational center is located in what body of water ?
do kyung-soo stars which south korean singer and actor who is best known as a member of exo ?
splash ! is a british television show that teaches celebrities the art of a british diver who was the 2012 olympic bronze medalist in what event ?
wfmt is an fm radio station managed by window to the world communications , inc. , owner of a 110-story , 442.1 m skyscraper , in what city ?
when was the writer of " she walks these hills " born ?
frances sweeney started her own newspaper named after which controversial canadian-american roman catholic priest ?
joseph bertram ford played for what professional football club nicknamed " the red devils " ?
when was the show in which emily beecham received the best actress award at the london independent film festival premiered ?
mediastan is a 2013 documentary film about the 2010 united states diplomatic cables leak , an australian computer programmer and the founder of which organisation ?
attack squadron 174 was based at the navy air base located in what florida county ?
whales are an informal type of land mammal and the heaviest type of land mammal whose name comes from the ancient greek for river horse in what area ?
the cosmic catastrophe saw traveling in a straight line before the arrival of a physicist who received how many nobel prize in physics ?
the url with phred show is an american children 's television series starring an american children 's television series that aired in what year ?
star wars : the clone wars was written by the animator best known for what cartoon network ?
the chengdu j-7 , is a people 's republic of china license-built version of the soviet mikoyan-gurevich mig-21 , the j-7 was extensively , multi-role combat aircraft developed jointly by ?
who was the grandfather of the ruler of the polish–lithuanian commonwealth szlachcic ?
how many acts are in the ballet rita sangalli performed in ?
william herbert 'billy ' king participated in the 1945 vfl grand final held at what park ?
tivolis koncertsal is a 1,660-capacity concert hall located at tivoli gardens in a park that opened on which day ?
alfred and biddeford is the county seat of a town that is a major east-west corridor in what county ?
what is the main base of the airline that is one of the founders of latam airlines ?
what type of media does giovanna d'arco and giovanna verdi have in common ?
idaho national laboratory ran the aurora generator test , one of the national laboratories of the united states department of energy managed by what alliance ?
drisheen is a type of blood pudding commonly eaten in great britain , ireland and in other parts of europe , it is distinguished from other forms of irish black ?
operation overlord was the codename for the battle of normandy , the allied operation that launched the successful invasion of german-occupied western europe during which war ?
who was the president of the adoption and safe families act ( asfa ) signed into law ?
what is the fourth oldest operating roller coaster in the world and second oldest operating roller coaster in the world ?
michael mark brodsky wrote for what translation by an irish avant-garde novelist who lived in paris for most of his adult life ?
what actor appeared in both sacred ground and sacred ground ?
the singer who hosted the fourth annual nickelodeon australian kids ' choice awards was a member of what girl group ?
sam " sam " ervin beam ( born july 26 , 1974 ) , better known by his stage and recording name iron & wine , is an american singer-songwriter ?
robinsons galleria is a mixed-use complex and shopping mall located near sm megamall , a shopping mall located in ortigas business district of which city in philippines ?
what is a monthly american pornographic magazine which is a spin-off publication of a publishing company headquartered in paramus , new jersey ?
rani jhansi marine national park commemorates what princely state of jhansi ?
dangerous acquaintances is the eighth studio album by english singer marianne faithfull , the title is a reference to the pierre choderlos de laclos 1782 novel , titled ?
alleyne v. united states , was a united states supreme court case that decided that , in line with which associate justice of the supreme court of the united states ?
who was a south australian educator and teacher who was pivotal in the formation of the school of the air using the generic term for correspondence schools ?
what 2017 south korean television drama series did kim soo-hyun star in ?
windermere hotel , located near windermere railway station , is a hotel in which town and civil parish in the south lakeland district of cumbria , england ?
park joo-mi , is a south korean actress , park made her entertainment debut as an asiana airlines model , after appearing in " ladies of the palace " ?
state route 78 runs from nelsonville to clarington in which american state that is owned by hearst magazines ?
the reichstadt agreement were an agreement made between austria-hungary and russia in july 1876 , they were the russian and austro-hungarian emperors together with their foreign ministers , prince gorchakov ?
opel automobile gmbh , is a german automobile manufacturer , a subsidiary of which australian automobile manufacturer with its headquarters in port melbourne , victoria ?
who was born first , edith cavell or traugott martin von sauberzweig ?
mr. 12 string guitar is an instrumental folk album featuring the 12 string guitar guitar of an american singer who was born where ?
corendon dutch airlines is a dutch branch of the corendon group , which operates which turkish leisure airline headquartered in antalya and based at antalya airport ?
mitchells & butlers plc which ceo of mitchells & butlers runs around the united kingdom ?
coraline has been compared to the fantasy novel written by whom ?
what is a 2016 punjabi film directed by smeep kang and starring jimmy shergill , an indian actor and stand-up comedian ?
somerville worked on which video game released in july 2010 on xbox live arcade ?
what type of media does orkworld and john wick have in common ?
" no surprises " is a song by the english alternative rock band radiohead , released in 1997 , the song was accompanied by a music video featuring a single ?
what star of here come the munsters was born in philadelphia ?
the itv nightly news was the late evening news programme on british television network itv , produced by itn and broadcast monday to friday at 11pm , the 20-minute bulletin ?
who is the son of the writer of " the chekhov of the suburbs " ?
what country of origin does 2010–11 old dominion monarchs basketball team and blaine taylor have in common ?
william preston appeared in the 1996 american historical drama film written by whom ?
anastasia on her own ( 1985 ) is a young-adult novel by an american writer whose book " gooney bird greene " won what award ?
who is the senior surgeon and the chief of the venereal disease program in the united states public health service ?
hansen clarke is a politician from a congressional district located in what county ?
oasis : supersonic is a 2015 british music documentary directed by mat whitecross , asif kapadia and who ?
det norske theater opened in 1850 by which norwegian playwright ?
the state of marriage is a 2015 documentary film about the origins of the marriage equality movement , focusing on the decades of grassroots advocacy by which american lawyer and ?
the asahi-ryokuken yomiuri memorial was a golf tournament on the japan golf tour from 2004 to 2006 , it was played in november at the asoiizuka golf club in fukuoka ?
ulrich forte is the coach of what top-tier competitive football league ?
andrea camplone is a former head coach of what second-highest division in the italian football league system ?
the structure of liberty is a book by legal theorist randy barnett which offers a libertarian theory of law and politics that is a collection of what ?
what is the stage name of the rapper who released the album reveille park ?
the irish setter is a landrace breed of dog which originated from the highland regions of which country , a breed of gundog , and family dog ?
wcsu-fm is a national public radio member station currently owned by a central state university that is a historically what ?
a tobacconist shop is traditionally represented by what type of product ?
what american comedian , actor , writer , producer and voice actor starred in the nut job ?
vadim l'vovich was awarded the nobel prize in 2016 for having identified the role of a physicist who was reported to be suffering from who ?
who was born first , britt walford or david pajo ?
attack the block is a 2011 british science fiction horror comedy film starring an english comedian who also directed what ?
what type of band is om / six organs of admittance ?
barranca de yaco is a geographical feature along the ancient transportation system about how long ?
the forests of mara and mondrem were adjacent medieval forests in a ruminant mammal that has been introduced to what ?
fob gibraltar was a british-manned forward operating base in a town with population of how many people ?
the bobby smith trophy is awarded annually to the ontario hockey league by a league that is how many miles long ?
highest duty : my search for what really matters is a memoir written by a pilot who was hired after what label ?
how to irritate people is a 1968 television broadcast written by an english actor who achieved success at a scriptwriter and scriptwriter on what ?
taipa is an island in macau , presently united by an artificial region on the western side of the western side of the pearl river estuary in east asia ?
through a glass window , an american drama silent film , released in which year , an american drama silent film directed by maurice campbell ?
the saturdays , was a british-irish girl group based in london , england , the line up consisted of which british-irish girl , an english singer-songwriter ?
talpa holding is the company in which john de mol jr. has transferred all of its media activities , besides john de mol , who owns what ?
focus is a 2015 american romantic crime comedy-drama film starring an australian actress who was later cast in what soap opera ?
playford b power station was located at port paterson , an australian generation , electricity and gas retailing private company that is owned by hong kong-based chow tai fook enterprises ?
rebecca m. bergman is the president of a college affiliated with what church ?
" white people renovating houses " is the first episode in the twenty-first season of the american animated sitcom " south park " , it is the what ?
the bolling–gatewood house is named for an african-american journalist who was one of the founders of the national association for the advancement of colored people in what ?
who is the husband of the actor who played the title character in the american medical drama television program " marcus welby " ?
what does the hall of languages and hall of languages have in common ?
when was the german actress starred in the second season of " body of proof " born ?
which australian racing driver won the 2014 belgian grand prix ?
katsuaki susa is an alumnus of the toyo university , at the 2012 olympic games held in london were held where ?
the dungeons & dragons basic set was written by an associate professor of neurology at what school ?
in what minnesota city is the university that victor koman is the owner of located ?
the nike hoop summit is an international men 's basketball all-star game sponsored by which german professional basketball player ?
tetsu is a modern japanese restaurant similar to what chef and owner of masa , a three-michelin-starred japanese and sushi restaurant in manhattan , new york city ?
what award did david hersey win for the award for best lighting award ?
donald w. " donnie " smith ( born december 7 , 1990 in detroit , michigan ) is an american soccer player who plays as a left back for new ?
corn ranch is a spaceport in the west texas town that has headquarters in what state ?
we need a little christmas was recorded for what christmas carol that first appeared in the collection " hymns and sacred poems " ?
who wrote the book that michael cremo wrote which was written in association with the bhaktivedanta institute of iskcon ?
what abbey founded in 598 and functioned as a monastery until its dissolution in 1538 during the english reformation ?
ryuji yokoe has previously competed in the race that is what type of sport ?
" kissed it " is a song by the american soul singer macy gray , it was released digitally on may 24 , 2010 in the united states and features ?
the venetian resort hotel casino is modeled by what luxury hotel ?
hackthissite.org is an online hacking and security website founded by who ?
which member of the walton family is an american family whose collective fortune makes them among the richest families in the world ?
kevin short appeared in what french opera in three acts , divided into twelve scenes with linking orchestral interludes , with music and libretto by francis poulenc ?
who directed the film in which armand hammer played the role of illya kuryakin ?
who was a member of the cambridge university footlights revue in 1962 and was a member of the cambridge university footlights revue in 1962 ?
namsaknoi yudthagarngamtorn , is a retired muay thai fighter from thailand , he was an instructor to the evolve fight team at which brazilian mixed martial artist ?
in what year was the man who wrote the collaborative weblog " cosmic variance " born ?
who was born first , george reed or johnny bright ?
siegi sessler became the first of the mayfair establishments , later among which american actress and welsh ancestry of film , television , and theater ?
honky tonks and cheap motels is an album by a band based in what city ?
orion pictures corporation is an american motion picture producer and distributor that produced and released films from 1978 until 1999 , woody allen , james cameron , and several other ?
donald swain lewis , was a lieutenant colonel in the british army and was the second highest-ranked officer in the royal flying corps/royal air force to be killed in action ?
what was an aegean bronze age civilization described as the only u.s. naval vessel to bear the name the first link in the european chain ?
command and control : nuclear weapons was an incident that included the incident that took place in what country ?
what is the name of the smartphone designed and marketed by an american business executive , industrial engineer , and developer born november 1 , 1960 ?
what is the year of the event that occured first , jaclyn stapp was born , or creed stapp was born ?
laura faye landweber was a professor of ecology and evolutionary biology at a university established in what year ?
the whitford lodge is a historic building located in exton , pennsylvania , in the whiteland towne center where it was once an old inn that once sat next to ?
who created the jante law for which sharmi albrechtsen was a journalist ?
how many players have in the club that won the nba most valuable player award in 2017 ?
what is the year of the event which occured first , bride of the regiment or elizabeth grable was born ?
svíčková , or svíčková na smetaně ( beef sirloin ) , is a typical czech dish and one of the most popular czech meals , it is sirloin steak prepared ?
how many weeks did the battle that the north midland divisional engineers saw action in occur ?
which actor who appeared in the 1996 movie flipper also appeared in the tv series " the lord of the rings " ?
the abc comedy hour was an american television variety series that included a guest appearance by which american actor , stand-up comedian , and voice actor ?
i love you was covered by the 1965 song covered by whom ?
the initial slate of " executive directors " included an early american science fiction magazine that lost control of what science fiction magazine ?
how many tracks did the group who composed the extended play " twice " win ?
cranford is one of the better-known novels of the 19th-century english writer elizabeth gaskell , it was edited by charles dickens , in which magazine ?
what team did wojciech wolski play for that was based in the miami metropolitan area ?
alonso lópez is the son of which retired mexican professional boxer ?
what is the name of the highest civilian award of the republic of india in which jayaprakash narayan is a part ?
what country of origin does ithihasa and deepak dev have in common ?
what type of media does phoebe ruguru and iphone 4s have in common ?
the wright model b was designed by which airplane and inventors ?
kieran crichlow is an international footballer from barbados , he has played for which island country in the lesser antilles , in the caribbean region of north america ?
what is the name of the second installment of the playstation lineup of consoles ?
the usual suspects is a 1995 american neo-noir mystery film directed by bryan singer , it stars which american actor , impressionist , and comedian ?
matt doheny lost the primary primary to which woman born on july 2 , 1984 ?
" look at us now " is a song by an american dj duo based in what city ?
which owner of the los angeles clippers professional basketball franchise was reportedly interested in purchasing the los angeles clippers ?
" the ricks must be crazy " is the sixth episode in the second season of a tv series that aired a total of how many episodes ?
david robert mitchell , is an american film director and writer , his next project project , made his feature-film debut in which 2007 ensemble ?
dorian gray is the main character of which philosophical novel by oscar wilde ?
the new jersey symphony premiered after the premiere of which play by william shakespeare ?
evan williams managed what professional association football club based in the city of wolverhampton , west midlands ?
mark geragos is an armenian-american criminal defense lawyer who has represented a barbadian singer who in 2003 was raised in what city ?
original motion picture soundtrack is the first soundtrack album by which american singer , songwriter , actress , and businesswoman ?
the bishop of ely is the ordinary church in which church of england diocese in the south of england , within the ecclesiastical province of canterbury ?
what building in the morpeth arms is a public house at 58 millbank , in the pimlico district of london ?
talaiasi labalaba was involved in the battle of mirbat on 19 july 1972 , an infantry rifle regiment of the british army , first created in which year ?
the 1961 american musical romantic drama film , " west side story " , was nominated for 11 academy awards and won how many picture academy awards ?
the arizona health care cost containment system ( ahcccs ) is the name of the medicaid program in the state of arizona , the arizona health care cost containment system ?
aughton park railway station is on the ormskirk branch of the interchange between merseyrail services and northern services from preston on the ormskirk branch of what ?
larry porter was a running coach for the team that was formerly an assistant head coach at what university ?
what is the other name for the 2007 summer universiade of jacob minah 's nephew ?
migene gonzález-wippler is a puerto rican new-age author and a leading expert on an afro-american religion that developed in the spanish empire among what ?
the volvo s70 was replaced by what compact executive car that was produced by jan wilsgaard ?
who was born first , amon jonas-rosenzweig or helen jonas-rosenzweig ?
corbin bryant has played for which football team based in pennsylvania ?
the 2008 iihf world championship rosters consisted of 399 players on 16 national ice hockey teams , which canadian professional ice hockey defenceman , was named top defenceman ?
okyeame was a literary magazine founded by a prime minister from what country ?
what country of origin does lonely hearts and raymond martinez have in common ?
black star is the debut fragrance by a canadian actress who has sold more than how many albums ?
kiskiack is the name of an early 17th-century brick building , originally built as a private residence , still stands at which united states navy base in york county ?
what sport did both olaf eller and olaf eller play ?
what is the name of the series that is based on american-canadian children 's books written by vicki wong and michael c. murphy ?
warm springs is an unincorporated community in deer lodge county , montana , the hospital was founded by the territorial government of montana , in which u.s. state ?
what south korean girl group formed by s.m . entertainment debuted in 2007 with lion heart ?
the panther de ville was conceived by which english actor ?
the onizuka prop wash award was named in memory of an astronaut who was serving as mission specialist for what mission ?
" angry dad : the movie " is the fourteenth episode of " the simpsons " ' thirteenth season , the plot of the episode involves bart winning many awards ?
what is the capital city of the country in which soyo is located ?
who was born first , ryan mclaren or adrian mclaren ?
what is the name of the competitors in the division that takeyasu hirono competed in ?
what is the name of the heritage-listed site at seventeen seventy , named after a british explorer , navigator , cartographer , and captain in the royal navy ?
" used to this " is a song by american rapper future , it was released on february 4 , 2017 , by who ?
in what county is the cooperative living organization located ?
what county is new york state route 9r located in ?
neneh mariann karlsson , better known as neneh mariann karlsson , is a swedish singer-songwriter , rapper , and occasional dj and broadcaster , better known as who ?
the doris bither case , also known as what , was an alleged haunting which occurred in 1974 at culver city , california where a woman who is raped and ?
who sang the song change and change ?
robin himmelmann plays as a goalkeeper for a german sports club based in what city ?
" sal de mi piel " is a song by a singer and actress of what nationality ?
holly ridge is an unincorporated community in what county that is the county seat of sunflower county ?
kissed by the wolves ( ) is a 1975 hong kong adult film directed by who , it was also the largest film production company of hong kong ?
toni braxton : revealed was the first and only residency show by a singer owned and operated by who ?
jack kerouac 's father was a belgian–french explorer , spiritualist , buddhist , anarchist and what ?
the 2017 texas tech red raiders baseball team represents which home stadium of the texas tech red raiders baseball team , nicknamed " the law " ?
at which premier league does wilfred bamnjo 's son play ?
when was the sister of princess yolanda of savoy born ?
scott turner is the son of a former florida vikings offensive coordinator that represents the east division of which conference ?
who played dr. animo in the first cartoon network original series to premiere during stuart snyder 's tenure as jim samples ?
gurney paragon carries 1st luxury brands shops like which manufacturer of premium fine chocolates and related products ?
cardinal hayes high school is named after a high school based in what two cities ?
trump plaza is located in what closed casino and hotel located at the southern end of the boardwalk in atlantic city , new jersey ?
the harmon was a highrise building at the citycenter development in a project started by what company ?
the author of the 1975 novel " rumble fish " was first published in what year ?
pablo ozuna is the cousin of a current miami marlins outfielder who made his mlb debut in what year ?
what manhattan community complex is bordered by 40th street to the south side of manhattan city ?
heart and greed is an upcoming 2017 drama produced by tvb and tencent penguin pictures , it stars which hong kong actor under east asia music ?
william davis ticknor was president of an american chemical and biotechnology company that was created in what year ?
where were the headquarters of the place that cave-in-rock was originally a stronghold for ?
super tuesday was a 1-hour professional wrestling television special event , produced by the world wrestling entertainment ( wwe ) that took place on 12 november 2002 , which was ?
who is a member of nasa 's seasat experiment team involved in the development of physically based retrieval methods for microwave scatterometers and radiometers ?
a talk is the third extended play by what mononym who rose to fame in the late 2000s ?
the dressing point massacre refers to the murder of a people who set a federal structure with what ?
rafael casal has shared the stage with the likes of which hip hop artist ?
the 2009 fa community shield ended in a 2–2 draw – the goals coming from which portuguese professional footballer born on november 17 , 1986 ?
complete works of william shakespeare is the standard name given to any volume containing all the plays and poems of an elizabethan play printed shortened to what ?
paul r. traub has participated in several large retail bankruptcies , including what department store that is located in houston , texas ?
julia piaton , is a french actress , she is known for playing the role of odile in which french comedy film directed by philippe de chauveron ?
james wilson jeffcoat played college football at a university founded how many months before colorado ?
the wojtek memorial trust is a scottish charity established in 2009 to celebrate the life of which syrian brown bear purchased , as a young cub ?
n wild orlando was the flagship water park of a theme park that opened on may 25 , 2017 named what ?
the island is an american survival skills reality television series narrated by adventurer and survivalist bear grylls , a british adventurer , writer and television presenter from where ?
where did the current assistant manager of the current assistant manager of cd basconia play ?
what award did the author of flower drum song win ?
who owns the roller coaster that is the fastest roller coaster in the world ?
who was born first , mark andrew brayshaw or mark andrew brayshaw ?
mads bødker is a retired danish professional ice hockey defenceman who participated in what national ice hockey team for denmark ?
spook squad is a british children 's television gameshow , the show was filmed in which city in the village of fyvie ?
the official largest number of native speakers in india has how many largest number of native speakers in india ?
what is the name of the indigenous peoples of the ryukyu islands in which the mudan incident of 1871 was rescued into the central part of taiwan ?
what english crime writer wrote the 2005 psychological thriller " the devil 's feather " ?
walter giffen was born in norwood , a suburb of what city ?
" cupid 's chokehold " is a single performed by a band formed in what chicago suburb ?
aulacodes peribocalis is a moth found in a country that is bordered by saudi arabia to the north , and what ?
suzanne n.j. 'susie ' chun oakland is a member of what chamber house of representatives ?
joely kim richardson appeared in a 1997 british-american science fiction horror film directed by who ?
what position did the star of trautmann play for manchester city ?
steve roland " pre " prefontaine , was an american middle and long-distance runner who competed in the 1972 olympics , prefontaine died in may 1975 at the age of ?
who is the mother of the singer of " home me why " ?
american wrestler : the wizard : the wizard co-starred an american singer known for her starring role in what nickelodeon movie ?
what is the nationality of the founder of atatürk museum mansion ?
afonwen is situated just under four miles from which major road in britain ?
after which stadium in atlanta , georgia was rebuilt into the baseball-specific turner field ?
ou812 , is the eighth studio album by american hard rock band van halen , released in 1988 , the song is one of only two van halen tracks featuring ?
what chinese self-defense system and combat sport did fatal contact star in ?
the siege of salto occurred during the war that took place in what country ?
what year did the man who created the memorable clown figure " weary willie " play at alma mater ?
the 2000 pga championship was held at what championship held at valhalla golf club in louisville , kentucky ?
what is a 1982 children 's book written by british novelist roald dahl ?
john boulger is a former international motorcycle speedway rider who won a record with 1951 world champion jack young also won which championship ?
willsmere was a railway station on the outer circle located in what suburb of melbourne , australia , 6 km east from melbourne 's central business district ?
ftl:2448 is a science fiction role playing game created by which publisher of role-playing games based in pontiac , michigan ?
benjamin ray bailey ( born october 30 , 1970 in bowling green , kentucky ) is an american comedian , licensed taxi cab driver , and emmy award winning former ?
kolel chibas jerusalem is a large charitable organization based in a historical region which is named after what ?
what is the nationality of the director of " little big girl " ?
what is the nationality of the author of " long john silver 's llc " ?
" hobart paving " is a single by a band formed in which year ?
when was the norwegian professional footballer who was played by zymer bytyqi born ?
eric s. pistorius is a circuit court judge of the seventh circuit of illinois , residing from where ?
mehdi hashemi was a senior official in the islamic revolutionary guards that occurred during the second term of what ?
the homotopy analysis method employs the taylor series to deal with what kind of sum ?
which numbered state highway in phoenix , arizona was lori piestewa a member of ?
the ouachita baptist tigers football program plays its home games at a university that has how many inhabitants ?
where is the player who won the singles in the 1970 french open currently a minister ?
the traveling wilburys ( sometimes shortened to the wilburys ) were a supergroup consisting of bob dylan , an american musician , singer , songwriter , multi instrumentalist and record ?
what country of origin does come from the heart and come from the heart have in common ?
lesley foxcroft is an english sculptor working mostly in mdf , she 's an english sculptor working mostly in mdf , and who ?
when was the american politician and attorney born who ran against thomas j. connolly during the 2000 presidential election ?
heinrich august marschner was the most important composer of german opera between weber and a german composer who was one of the first significant composers of what school ?
" pinball wizard " is a song written by pete townshend and performed by which studio that was mostly composed by guitarist pete townshend as a rock opera ?
what country of origin does denis kang and julien kang have in common ?
the stone book quartet , is a set of four short novels by alan garner , an english novelist best known for his children 's fantasy novels and his retellings ?
the pont de grenelle passes behind a replica of what bridge in paris , france , that crosses the seine river ?
frankie larocka was a member of the rock band formed in what year ?
jesse sandoval is the former drummer of what american indie rock band from albuquerque , new mexico , formed in 1996 ?
kenneth gile is the chief operating officer of a low-cost low-cost airline with its head office and flight operations in what airport ?
the heckscher museum is located in a museum established by what industrialist ?
" mr. & mrs. mxyzptlk " is the thirteenth episode of the second season from a tv series originally aired on what network ?
what actress who appeared in places in the heart also appeared in dirty grandpa ?
who is the oldest son and oldest living child of civil rights leaders martin luther king jr. and coretta scott king ?
what team did the 2008 detroit lions play against that was the 79th season for the franchise in the national football league ?
what area beneath the southern north sea that connected great britain to continental europe during the edge of norway 's continental shelf in the norwegian sea ?
daniel james hanford has previously played for which english football club based in clitheroe , lancashire ?
in 2010 davey brozowski toured with a band formed in 1992 in what city ?
the 2017 major league baseball ( mlb ) first-year player draft began on which date , the draft was a right-handed american baseball pitcher , alex craig lange ?
hush ... hush , sweet charlotte was a film that starred which american film director and producer ?
when was the public university in adelaide , south australia founded by kristine gebbie founded ?
matt selman has written numerous episodes of the show that first aired on what date ?
what team did christopher grant wood play for that is a semi-professional association football club in hamilton , new zealand ?
in what region was the fibt world championships took place in the heart of the southern winter olympics ?
fallen in love was inspired by a novel published under which press ?
the incal is a french graphic novel series written by a french comics anthology of science fiction and horror created in what month ?
who is a brazilian professional footballer who plays for french ligue 1 club nice ?
the swedish higher education act is a part of which swedish law governing higher education in sweden ?
the passion of the christ , is a 2004 american biblical drama film , starring which italian actress and fashion model ?
what year did the sequel to " marrying the mafia " premier ?
what is the new name of the company that eckō milecofsky is the founder of ?
keokuk falls is a ghost town in pottawatomie county , oklahoma , the location of which city in pottawatomie county , oklahoma , united states ?
bullewijk is an amsterdam metro station in a mixed rapid transit and light rail system with a total length of how many kilometres ?
ss ionic was a steam-powered ocean liner built in 1902 by a heavy industrial company , specialising in shipbuilding and offshore construction located where ?
stephen lee is the son of which chinese-american physicist ?
antichrist is a 2009 english-language danish experimental horror film written and directed by lars von trier , and starring which actors ?
what is the path of the transit system that serves as the northern terminus of 33rd street ?
florentius was a roman praetorian prefect under the caesar julian and later a consul , before falling from grace when julian became emperor , before which empire period ?
the church of all saints is a church of england parish church in doddinghurst , essex , the church is what ?
what is the name of this character in lewis carroll 's " alice 's adventures in wonderland " in which the hatter is a fictional character ?
jeris pendleton was drafted by the team that plays its home games at what field ?
wvnh ( 91.1 fm ) is a radio station broadcasting a christian radio format broadcasting a christian radio format , the station is currently owned by new hampshire gospel radio ?
in which country is sul américa esporte clube , commonly known as sul américa , located ?
which star of " the must be the place " was also in " the knick " ?
what is a 1932 american pre-code drama film that stars an american film actor and military officer , often referred to as " the king of hollywood " ?
which star of the informers was nominated for a bafta award for best supporting actor for the academy award-nominated film " equus " ?
dan balan 's song " live your life " is from what sixth studio album ?
who is the chairman of the junior united states senator from oklahoma ?
peter rogers ( 20 february 1914 – 14 april 2009 ) was an english film producer , he is best known for his involvement in the making of the " ?
john rich , an american country music group consisting of what american country music group consisting of richie mcdonald lead vocals ?
who was the leader of the jacobite rising of 1745 in the scottish highlands ?
willie vaden was the republican nominee for the united states house of representatives in what district ?
what american radio personality , author , and songwriter , best known as the host of a nationally syndicated nightly u.s. radio song request and dedication program hosts a radio ?
ecopack terephthalate is what type of bottles ?
what is a 1994 american comedy-drama film directed by robert zemeckis and stars stephan lichtsteiner ?
who was the official singer of the festival held every year before 2 million people per day on the streets ?
james swan was a member of the sons of a hill that is named after a battle in what city ?
ruby bentall is an english actress , known for playing minnie in a series of historical novels by winston graham that comprises how many novels ?
what is the name of the south australia ’ s premier ice skating facility located in thebarton , adelaide , south australia ?
the winner of the 2008 football league championship play-off final currently plays for what team ?
peter robert auty , is an english operatic tenor who has worked with most of the major opera companies in britain and a number of companies in continental europe ?
what is the name of this american conservative author and commentator who founded a major impact in stimulating the conservative movement and also the son of christopher buckley ?
carl nielsen 's string quartet no . 4 was composed by what danish musician who died in 1931 ?
dream street was narrated by an english musician who first came to public notice with what british comedy ?
mamma mia : here we go again ! was based on what romantic comedy ?
" a little time " is a song by the first female singer of what nationality ?
in which national level of french football did didier deschamps play his football club ?
louis-jean-nicolas lejoille , was a french navy officer and captain , a city in the region of apulia , in which country ?
the crown jewels is a box set by a british rock band that takes its name from what album ?
torment is a black metal band formed in 2004 by a music formed in what country ?
zacarías ferreira is the uncle of a dominican-american professional basketball player who played college basketball where ?
what college did the coach of the 2007 san diego state aztecs football team play in college ?
who is an american actress , model and beauty queen who won the 86th miss america pageant 's first autistic contestant in september 2014 ?
who is the father of the wife of the heir apparent to the throne of denmark ?
during world war ii , arne berge worked for an operation undertaken to rescue what event in 1945 ?
saadi love story is a punjabi film starring an indian actress who works in indian cinemas , and is known for what ?
kalle ramos was nicknamed " sergio " because his style of play similar to a spanish professional footballer who plays for and captains both what team ?
the oklahoma city national memorial is located in what classical revival style building in oklahoma city , oklahoma ?
robert conrad falk , was an american film and television actor , singer , and stuntman , he has hosted a weekly two-hour national radio show ( " the pm ?
john david mcphun was a first-class cricketer who played for what unrecognised state in southern africa from 1965 to 1979 ?
what nationality is the player who beat the panenka in the 1976 uefa european championship final ?
the birds , is a 1963 american horror-thriller film directed by alfred hitchcock , the year 1963 in film involved some significant events , including which big-budget epic , which ?
vegepet is the brand of a line of vegan dog and cat food , based in which city in lincoln county , montana , united states ?
the 2010–11 copa del rey was the 109th staging of the copa del rey , the match was held at the estadio mestalla in valencia , in which real madrid ?
get smart , again ! is a 1989 american made-for-television comedy film based on the 1965–1970 nbc/cbs sitcom " get smart ! " starring don adams and barbara feldon ?
who was born first , r-26 , or r-26 ?
what is the name of this american singer-songwriter , musician , occasional actress , and model , who toured with decibelle ?
mmoloki nogeng won a bronze medal at the 2006 commonwealth games held in what city ?
what american musician , born july 22 , 1961 , starred in the 2002 american drama film 8 mile ?
what is the name of this american/british/canadian/arabic children 's animated game show , whose sister station is 'the with smiley guy ?
tumnus is a fictional character in which fictional character in " the chronicles of narnia " series by c. s. lewis ?
what south korean crossover violinist co-wrote the 1985 charity single " we are the world " ?
what is the year of the event that occured first , sambou yatabaré was born , or sambou yatabaré was born ?
who starred with charles laughton in the 1935 film les misérables ?
dame elizabeth wordsworth was the daughter of a man that was an english bishop in what church ?
this 2003 merchant ivory productions film directed by james ivory was featured in what movie ?
franklin community high school is part of a school headquartered in what city ?
the 2002 film " various positions " won the title from an album by which canadian singer , songwriter , musician , poet , and painter ?
tabasco sauce is a brand of hot sauce made exclusively from which unincorporated community in iberia parish , louisiana ?
alex mckenna appeared in what 2016 american action-drama film about the 2013 boston marathon bombing and the subsequent terrorist manhunt ?
who is the father of the actor who played one of the three main characters in the " harry potter " films ?
here i am again is the twentieth tudio album by what american country music singer-songwriter with multiple gold albums over a career of almost 60 years ?
who directed a 2007 american action film that stars the actress who played tori wu in the film adaptation of veronica wells 's novel " divergent " ?
where blood and fire bring rest contains a sample from a movie based on a novel by what author ?
what is the second-largest air carrier in the country that enrique malek international airport is located in ?
what role did michael rispoli play in the 2009 american thriller film directed by tony scott ?
the new american story was written by an american senator who served three terms as a democratic u.s. senator from what state ?
the ganghwa massacre was conducted by a massacre that occurred in what decade ?
prince william county , virginia is the current chairman of the board of supervisors of which american politician and politician from minnesota ?
connetquot high school is a public high school serving students from which hamlet , and census-designated place in suffolk county , new york , united states ?
how large is the monorail that is located adjacent to bally 's & paris station ?
" desperado " is a song recorded by barbadian singer rihanna for her eighth studio album , " anti " , released on which date ?
grace o'malley , was lord of the ó máille dynasty in the west of ireland , following the park is home to which ride ?
creed is a 2015 american sports drama film that features a british professional boxer who held what title from 2016 to 2017 ?
what is the name of this swedish songwriter , record producer , and musician , who released the album 1989 ?
who is a swedish-french actress who starred in the film emmanuelle ?
meyers mill was an unincorporated community in southwestern barnwell county , south carolina , united states , in 1951 , it was acquired by the u.s. atomic energy commission as ?
the 2014 sydney hostage crisis , also known as the sydney siege and lindt cafe siege , occurred on 15–16 december 2014 when a lone gunman , held hostage ten ?
" blue letter " is a song written by michael curtis and richard curtis that was first released by what british-american rock band ?
what nationality is the driver who finished second in the 2016 pau grand prix ?
kim hyun-seok is a south korean film director and screenwriter who directed a 2015 south korean musical drama that was released on what date ?
what is the seventh book of the hebrew bible and the christian bible that talut is considered to be the " malik " for ?
the murderer who the murderer is the former special forces captain was convicted in what year ?
" drive " is the lead single and first track from which american alternative rock band 's 1991 album ?
alexis argüello challenged a boxer who is the first boxer from what state ?
the dungeons & dragons basic set was edited by what american game designer who was best known for his work at tsr , inc. ?
polar bears is a non-profit organization that operates a canadian manufacturer founded by who ?
when did the show that eddie jemison is known for premiere on ?
clifford odets was an american playwright , screenwriter , and director , he began to be which titled what ?
the rochdale pioneers is a british biographical feature film , released in 2012 , that tells the story of the foundation of the first successful cooperative retail store , in ?
erna flegel worked at the emergency casualty station at the reich chancellery in what city ?
john lee erwin is an american voice actor known for voicing a cat that is the mascot for what brand ?
who is older , ash hashim or david villa ?
get together is the tenth studio album by american singer and songwriter madonna , madonna took her collaboration with who , which song by american singer madonna ?
where is the stadium that oakland raiders relocation to las vegas comes from ?
the san francisco national cemetery is located in a park that is part of what national area ?
marco de la o is a mexican actor , best known for the role of joaquín " el chapo " guzmán in the netflix and what other series ?
in which city was this austrian author and critic , who wrote " bambi , a life in the woods " , born ?
wincenty gostkowski , was a lawyer and associate of antoni patek and adrien philippe , in which swiss watch manufacturer founded in 1851 , located in geneva ?
when was the american stunt performer featured in " stunt cycle " born ?
what adult entertainment convention and trade show is sponsored by avn media network ?
art brut included a part of which scottish rock band ?
the declaration of montreal is a document adopted in montreal , quebec , canada , the declaration also addresses various issues that impinge on the global promotion of lgbt rights ?
what country does pashtun diaspora and pashto diaspora have in common ?
when was the american actor , director and producer born who was a star in both not b movie and not another b movie ?
what is the name of the cbs-affiliated television station located in a city in the county seat of pontotoc county , oklahoma , united states ?
nineteen eighty-four , is a dystopian novel published in 1949 , by which british publisher best known for his association with the author george orwell ?
the lewis and clark memorial column is an outdoor monument by an american explorer best known as what ?
" like my mother does " is a song written by nathan chapman , liz rose , and which american country singer ?
what is the elevation of the mountain that runs east to the state route 160 ?
trogloxenes consists of animals such as extinct animals like cave bears and which extinct of lion ?
what is the name of this american actress , producer , and entrepreneur , born in 1976 , who starred in overnight delivery ?
ashley lauren monroe is an american country music singer-songwriter who has released two solo singles on the u.s. " billboard " hot country songs chart , in june 2011 ?
the bridgewater triangle refers to an area of about 200 mi2 within southeastern massachusetts , generally identified with the thunderbird of what american tradition ?
who is a german physicist that formulated around 1927 ?
who founded the magazine of which elissa schappell is an american novelist , short-story writer , editor and essayist ?
eastern market is bordered on the south by a state in what regions of the united states ?
what is the name of the united states navy electronic attack squadron that operates the ea-18g growler carrier-based electronic warfare jet aircraft jet aircraft ?
who is the father of the cartoon character created by donald duck ?
who founded one of the world 's oldest universities that per kjeld sørensen has been professor of central asian studies ?
who is the college named in honor of one of wsu 's most famous alumni , edward r. murrow ?
kim so-hyun starred in a 2012 south korean series that stars kim so-hyun and who else ?
the ng postcode area is a group of postcode districts around nottingham that covers nottinghamshire , it is situated approximately how many south-east of nottingham ?
the invention of love is a 1997 play by tom stoppard portraying the life of a poet usually known by what name ?
just my luck is a 2006 american romantic comedy film directed by donald petrie , the film stars which american actor , born on august 26 , 1980 ?
how many students are in the high school that michael welch attended ?
who is the british racing driver that was one of the pole position at the 1999 season ?
nicholas boshier is an australian actor who starred in an animated cartoon series broadcast by the australian broadcasting corporation that is shown on what ?
who was born first , lucius verus or lucius verus ?
two sisters from boston is a 1946 musical comedy film directed by a british actor who lived in what country ?
what 1993 american fantasy-comedy film did harold allen ramis star in ?
what year was the director of the bet born ?
george molnar was born in a region that existed in what year ?
who was born first , ruth vollmer or ruth vollmer ?
ezequiel lázaro was born in a city that is how far from the autonomous city of buenos aires ?
austrian border barriers are border facilities and migration by a term given to a period beginning in 2015 when rising numbers of what ?
the 2008–09 uefa champions league was played at what address ?
ribchester is a village and civil parish within which village in lancashire , england , to the south of blackburn ?
when was the british journalist who wrote some other rainbow born ?
who is the current vice captain of the current vice captain of the english test team ?
a fake field goal is a trick play in an nfl team that has played college football at what university ?
" taken for granted " is the debut single by sia . that heavily samples from which work of classical music written by russian composer sergei prokofiev ?
charles john rowe is an english actor who starred in a 2007 british-american fantasy adventure film based on what ?
veteranz day is the seventh and final studio album by emcee big daddy kane , although it managed to earn a distribution deal with mercury records by way of which ?
bertha gilkey , was an african-american activist of tenant management of public housing properties , she set up the first tenant management association in st. louis , missouri , which ?
what is the capital city of the country in which driss lachgar was born ?
the federal agency of the united states department of health and human services is funded by what companies ?
william travis " bully " van de graaff coached hall of famer dutch who taught at what university ?
aztec warrior is an upcoming american action comedy film directed by a mexican actor recognized as what in 2014 ?
bmw xdrive is the marketing name for the all-wheel drive system found on a car that is currently the successor to the new class sedans currently in what ?
what is the name of the identical twin brother of the identical twin brother of horace grant ?
who was born first , grigori or isaak ?
speedpass is a keychain rfid device introduced in 1997 by a corporation headquartered in what city ?
sex and breakfast starred what mexican actor who is best known for his portrayal of ruben berrizabal in " soñadoras " ?
the 1958 pro bowl was played on the stadium that serves as the home stadium for what university ?
the menindee lakes is near the small town on the banks of what river ?
what song by english rock band the beatles is written by paul mccartney and john lennon ?
carlos alberto rosales mendoza was a former mexican drug lord who founded an organized crime syndicate called what ?
patrol squadron four is a navy squadron based at what facility that is located in honolulu , hawaii ?
" cherokee rose " is the fourth episode of the second season and 10th episode overall of the post-apocalyptic horror television series " the walking dead " , he has ?
what does buckner garcia and vigorish have in common ?
the 1966 football league cup final , was the sixth football league cup final to be staged since the competition 's inception , was contested between west bromwich albion and ?
the years of lead were a political phenomenon related to the cold war that was characterized by left- and right-wing terrorism and the strategy of tension , beginning in italy ?
john erskine , earl of mar , kt was the eldest son of which king of great britain and ireland ?
it read : the declaration to the seven was a document written by a public statement issued by the british government during world war i announcing what ?
the jackie thomas show is an american sitcom that aired on the abc network , and starred an american actress who ran for how many seasons in 1988 ?
when was the british-born american candlemaker and industrialist died who founded procter & gamble co. ?
what does gref and gref have in common ?
what is the population of the city in which james craig anderson was murdered ?
the 2016 presidential campaign mike huckabee began on may 5 , 2015 at an event that had how many inhabitants ?
giuseppina tuissi , better known as gianna , was an italian communist and partisan during world war ii , part of the " 52nd brigata garibaldi " luigi clerici " ?
luis villalta aquino was born in a city with an estimated population of what in 2012 ?
å ( lower case : å ) — referred to as a swedish " a " or volle — represents various various very similar sounds sounds in several languages ?
" sexyback " is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter justin timberlake for his second studio album , " futuresex/lovesounds " , 2006 , to us mainstream and rhythmic radio ?
" treehouse of horror xi " is the first episode of " the simpsons " ' twelfth season and the eleventh halloween episode , " scary tales can come true ?
john alexander is the uncle of an english professional footballer who represented what at all youth levels from under-16 through to under-19 ?
feeding the wolves is the fifth studio album by a band formed in what city ?
where was the 2012 nba draft held in which harrison barnes jordan barnes played college basketball ?
what was the population at the 2010 census of the town in which bennett hill farm is located ?
giacomo benvenuti was the son of the composer of what nationality ?
what eight-time academy award nominee starred in a 1980 play about the relationship between f. scott fitzgerald and his wife zelda ?
siduri is a character in a great cedar mountain associated with the shore of what ?
who was the director of the 2017 chinese television series in which li yitong played huang rong ?
when was the russian soviet pianist , composer and teacher died who 's name was nikolai lugansky ?
mark p. wirtz worked with which english disc jockey ?
john grant was a member of a rugby team that plays at what stadium ?
how far north of new york city is the birthplace of owney ?
the shōgitai , was an elite corps of the shogunate during the bakumatsu period in japan , especially at the battle of toba-fushimi , and the battle of ueno ?
the john bice memorial oval is used by a seaside suburb in the southern area of what ?
george borba was part of the team that competed at what quadrennial world cup ?
what " saturday night live " actress appeared in " what up with that ? " ?
in regards to the kashmiri singer who is one of the three finalists of fame gurukul , who was born in 1984 ?
the soviet–albanian split refers to the worsening of relations between the union of soviet socialist republics and which occurred in the 1955–1961 period as a result of what ?
the m1 link service was a .30 caliber medium machine gun that was widely used during the 20th century , especially as what ?
according to the 2010 census , what was the population of the town in which woodland is located ?
the red tour was the third concert tour by american singer-songwriter taylor swift , it was released on which date , by big machine records ?
boria sax is an american author and lecturer and a teacher at a non-profit research university with its main campus located on 66 acres in what state ?
the m6 motorway runs near which south-north motorway in england ?
what country does thornton–cleveleys and thornton–cleveleys railway station have in common ?
which member of the reporters committee for freedom of the press is best known as " the most trusted man in america " ?
the leader of the renewable heat incentive scandal is a member of what political party ?
what actor who was in " the power of one " also appeared in " hotel splendide " ?
who was born first , juan hilarión or juan francisco zea ?
loughborough students ' union ( otherwise known as lsu ) is the students ' union serving members from which public research university ?
myron f. diduryk was the commander in the battle that took place in what capacity ?
who co-wrote the sky movement and was born april 27 , 1959 ?
dame zara kate bate was an australian fashion designer and socialite who was best known as the wife of what prime minister of australia ?
" jupiter " is a song by jewel that was released in 1999 as a single from the album " spirit " , following the title of the song was ?
" chest fever " is a song recorded by a band that was released in what year ?
the name the catuaba of the bark of a number of trees native to the indigenous language of which continent ?
who was born first , ira bruce nadel or leon nadel ?
who was born first , charles romero de figueroa or joseph romero de figueroa ?
fred mace joined which english football club based in stalybridge , greater manchester ?
who served as chief executive officer of an american car rental company based in estero , florida that operates 9,700 international corporate and franchisee locations ?
belmont is a grade ii* listed country house near lyme regis in which english novelist , critically positioned between modernism and postmodernism ?
what is the name of the brand name used for a series of ips panel displays and have a higher pixel density than traditional displays ?
when was the content-aggregating video blog featured in danielle prendergast founded ?
what is the name of the side-scrolling platform game released by christian whitehead in 2017 ?
fabryka samochodów ciężarowych " star " comes from which city , where the most popular product was the " star 20 " in 1948 ?
the smallest municipality of the county in westernmost lithuania is further several villages known as what ?
australian young labor is the youth wing of the australian labor party ( alp ) representing all alp members aged 14 to 26 , former presidents of ayl have included ?
the data universal numbering system is a proprietary system developed and regulated by a company that ’ s database contains how many business records worldwide ?
barrack buster is the colloquial name given to several improvised mortars , developed in the 1990s by the engineering group of the provisional irish republican army provisional what ?
what is an american chain of bakery-café fast casual restaurants in the united states and canada , that sponsored bill steers men 's 4-miler ?
who is regarded as one of the greatest british poets and remains widely read and influential ?
high school confidential is an eight-part documentary television series created by a high school ranked what ?
ezra is also notable as the site of which semi-rural neighbourhood of the district of mission , british columbia , canada ?
russell d. moore is currently president of an policy that was headed by russell d. moore in what year ?
the story of dida ibsen was directed by a german dancer who was the subject of what painting ?
what is the second novel by indian writer arundhati roy , published in 2017 , twenty years after her debut , " the god of small things " ?
tom mandrake is best known for his collaborations with what fictional superhero appearing in american comic books published by dc comics ?
what song by british heavy metal band black sabbath was a cover of the 1998 album " black sabbath " ?
pandora – the world of " avatar " allows guests to take flight on what mountain ?
the 1962 german grand prix was won by a motorcycle player who founded what ?
what nba team did both sheed wallace and the 2000–01 nba season play in ?
seth jeffs is known for being a high-ranking official in the fundamentalist church of jesus christ , known for being a high-ranking felon of what church ?
grace for drowning is the second solo studio album by which english musician and record producer , most associated with the progressive rock genre ?
who wrote a novella about a voyage up the congo river into the congo free state , that was originally published in 1969 ?
nico van der meel has performed in which opera based on the eight paintings and engravings ?
what type of media does two weeks notice and dana grant have in common ?
what is the name of the remote wild beach on the western side of the hawaiian island of kauai ?
andrew d. gillum became the youngest person ever elected to what in february 2003 ?
the sentimental swordsman is a 1977 hong kong " wuxia " film , it stars which hong kong actor , better known by his stage name ti lung ?
magic formula investing is a term referring to an investment technique by who ?
sudha kheterpal has played with which australian singer and actress ?
what is the name of the weekly newspaper that is part of the long island herald newspaper chain ?
henriad is a common title used by scholars for a king who was the younger brother of who ?
what is the name of this subgenre of hip hop music that is associated with political ties ?
who was loaned out in star of star of star of midnight ?
the 7.92×57mm mauser cartridge is what type of cartridge in both world wars s most popular military and hunting cartridge that occurred during the 20th century ?
what is the name of the important impact on architecture and design in the united states in which the rockefeller center is located ?
celebrity fifteen to one is a celebrity version of the show that starred an english writer , broadcaster , actor , and former conservative member of what ?
thomas ormson acted alongside a singer known for playing nick tilsley in what soap opera ?
james a. garfield , the 20th president of the united states , was shot by who ?
st vincents hall , grantham , is an engine and machinery manufacturer in lincolnshire , england , from 1828 until 1918 , the company was a pioneer in the manufacture ?
what association was founded by a german sprint runner who competed at the 1928 summer olympics ?
nimavar school , is a historical school in isfahan , in which country , a term used in the middle east for an open-air marketplace or commercial quarter ?
bernie buescher was appointed to the office in 2009 by a governor of what congressional district ?
golden nugget , inc. is a las vegas , nevada based private investment firm that was originally created by who ?
which song that 's what i call music ! 59 features vocals by sean paul ?
worldview entertainment produced a 2015 mystery thriller based on a novel by what author ?
what is the nationality of the author of bambi 's children : the story of a forest family ?
where is the retailer of the major british multinational retailer headquartered in ?
in which state did brett mcclure play his high performance in 2001 ?
sam quartin is a musician , producer and actress best known for june glass , starring alongside marilyn manson in which american movie ?
discwoman was founded by what catch-all people for gender identities that are not exclusively masculine or feminineidentities ?
who was a swiss-american politician , diplomat , ethnologist and linguist who created the 1979 first novel by l. neil smith ?
who directed a 2002 indian comedy horror film starring an indian film director known for his work in hindi cinema ?
nostie is a small remote hamlet that lies on nostie bay , an inlet at the northeastern end of a castle that frequently appears in what ?
barry werth is an american author and journalist , his work has appeared as an instructor in journalism at which american magazine of reportage , commentary , criticism , essays ?
the 2012 season was the third season under the leadership of which former american football coach and executive manager ?
eddie the eagle is a 2016 biographical sports comedy-drama film directed by dexter fletcher , the film had its world premiere at the 2016 sundance film festival , on 26 ?
tofu is a 2015 british television series presented by a 2015 british television series created by who ?
the minnesota state high school was founded in 1980 by a professor founded in what year ?
mastophora dizzydeani is a species of spider named after which baseball player ?
what type of media does locked on and tom clancy have in common ?
what is a fortified complex at the heart of moscow , overlooking the moskva river to the south , saint basil 's cathedral and red square to the east ?
harry s. truman , was the 33rd president of the united states ( 1945–53 ) , assuming that office upon the death of franklin d. roosevelt during the waning months ?
mike gundy is the brother of the coach who is the head football coach at what university ?
new hampshire route 118 runs to the northern boundary of what area ?
what role did richard reitinger play in the 1987 romantic fantasy film directed by wim wenders ?
kyle skipworth previously played in major league baseball for a team that is a member of what division ?
the nova southeastern sharks baseball program represents which american professional baseball pitcher for the houston astros of major league baseball ( mlb ) ?
" havisham " is a poem written in 1993 by which scottish poet and playwright ?
what roller coaster at six flags magic mountain opened in 1998 ?
i am ... yours was the first residency show by which luxury resort , casino and hotel located on the las vegas strip in paradise , nevada ?
" musetta 's waltz " is a soprano aria in a opera composed by who ?
what is the name of the wine inspired by the founder of coca-cola ?
how long is the river that the innviertel is a part of ?
who was born first , dr. ernst heinkel or dr. ernst heinkel ?
tony clifton is a character created by which american comedian , actor , writer , performance artist and professional wrestler ?
machete is a 2010 american action film written , produced , and directed by robert rodriguez and ethan maniquis , also known as machete , is a fictional character in ?
the 2016 romantic drama film directed by dai sijie stars which actress who also appeared in " fairy sister " ?
what writing principle does allison gross and allison gross have in common ?
the trussed concrete steel company was founded by a man raised in what city ?
my first mister stars an american actor best known for playing who on the abc tv series " roseanne " ?
di-gata defenders is a 24-hour children 's channel that has how many households in 49 countries across the continent ?
a barcode is an optical , machine-readable , representation of data ; the data usually describes something about the object that carries the barcode , originally originally what ?
harold davis was elected to the usa track & field national track and field hall of fame in what event ?
bonifacio high street is a mixed-use development in a real-estate founded in what year ?
whole lotta sole starred which actor who was born in 1983 ?
the chiltern shakespeare company is a shakespearean theatre company founded in 1989 that produces shakespearean plays annually in beaconsfield , buckinghamshire , recent productions include ?
what cantonese slang term is used in the 2006 drama film ghosts ?
what does geetam dāsa and geetam have in common ?
what type of media does peter filkins and new criterion have in common ?
nicolae titulescu was a well-known romanian diplomat , at the intergovernmental organisation founded on which date ?
according to the 2000 census , what was the population of the cdp in which richmond , maine is located ?
just go with it is a 2011 american romantic comedy film directed by dennis dugan , other notable works of hers include the horror film " just go with it ?
martin ruhe is a german cinematographer known for his work on a 2010 american thriller film starring who ?
what is the name of the television series in which kurt fuller starred in that was created by steve franks ?
lieut . samuel leavitt was an early colonial settler of an lower house that is the lower house of representatives with how many members ?
genesis 1983–1998 is a box set of four studio albums by genesis , an english rock band formed at charterhouse school , in 1967 , in what city ?
when was the uncovered outdoor pedestrian shopping and dining mall in which the burlington montgomery ward building is located initially conceived ?
ashley estes kavanaugh served as personal secretary to a neighborhood situated along what river ?
la machine à écrire is a three-act play written by which french writer , designer , playwright , artist and filmmaker ?
who currently represents the constituency in which patrick mercer was born ?
the charkhi dadri mid-air collision occurred in what airport ?
unbeaten tracks in japan ( 日本奥地紀行 , nihon okuchi kikō ) is which nineteenth-century english explorer , writer , photographer , and naturalist ?
thug mentality 1999 featured a guest appearance by the rapper from what tennessee city ?
uro is best known for the production of what four-wheel drive military light truck produced by am general ?
13 dead men is a 2003 film starring an american rapper and actor from what city ?
tanjong pagar centre , also known as guoco tower , is a s $ 3.2 billion mixed-use development located in tanjong pagar , singapore , with over 20 years ?
who left the group in which " ultra lover " was released along with the group 's second live dvd tour ?
amelia fiona " minnie " driver , is an english screenwriter and singer-songwriter , she starred as fiona bowa on which nbc sitcom ?
mary busingye karooro okurut appointed minister of what range of characteristics pertaining to differentiating ?
fort frederick was a fort in what dutch city ?
kevin warren sumlin was the head coach at what program that represents texas a & m university in the sport of american football ?
when did the nba all-star game that will be the 67th edition of the national basketball association game ?
ronkonkoma is a major railroad station and transportation hub along the main line of what rail road in ronkonkoma , new york ?
spettekaka ( " spiddekaga " in native scanian ) is a local dessert of the southern parts of sweden , a closely related group of south swedish dialects spoken in ?
james garner was part of the 2004 romantic drama directed by whom ?
john stark regional high school is part of a town in what new hampshire county ?
the hyundai motor was produced by a company headquartered in what city ?
cantarella was a poison allegedly used by what modern latin phrase ?
when was the video game released in which frictional games ab is based ?
deyemi okanlawon is a nigerian film , television , theatre and voice actor who 's best known cameo appearances in a number of nigerian music videos including " soldier " ?
david lightfoot worked on which 2005 australian horror film ?
odyssey through o is an album by what french composer , who is a pioneer in the electronic , ambient , and new-age genres ?
the look of love appeared in the 1967 james bond film that was based on the first james bond novel by whom ?
who was the last king of the kabul shahis that ruled the kabul valley ?
what actor who died in 2007 starred in a hand is on the gate ?
who is a retired american olympic gymnast that recruited bart conner to the school ?
erik marcisak was named one of " backstage " for a show with a special focus on what ?
the new york botanical garden is located in a peer-reviewed scientific journal that first appeared as a bimonthly journal in what year ?
what county is wlmw fm 90.7 from ?
operation buster–jangle was the first joint test program between the dod test site , a united states department of energy reservation located where ?
dies irae is a visual novel video game developed by light , originally released in 2007 in japan , it is a tv anime adaptation , " dies irae " ?
aulani , hawaii is located on the hawaiian island that is colloquially known as what ?
foodtown is a northeastern united states supermarket cooperative founded in 1955 by twin county grocers , currently , there are 73 foodtown stores , in which continent ?
moneuptychia is a genus of satyrid butterflies found in the neotropical realm , it includes the tropical terrestrial ecoregions of which organization ?
the boy in the striped pyjamas is a 2006 holocaust novel by irish novelist john boyne , in which year ?
who is the chief executive officer for the company that built the spacedev spaceshipone space program ?
baadshah starred which 1997 hong kong action film directed by sammo hung ?
who directed the film that became the first female team to be nominated in the category in the category ?
grown-ups stars an english actor who is best known for his role as who in " 'allo 'allo ! " ?
wilhelm wilhelm göring was the last commander of a war that lasted in what year ?
who was the father of the man who succeeded olaf guthfrithson as king of dublin ?
ironweed is a 1987 american drama film starring a historic diner built in what year ?
heythrop park was designed by a politician who came to prominence as a member of what ?
religious skepticism is a type of skepticism relating to religion , religious skeptics question religious authority and are necessarily anti-religious but are those skeptical of a specific or all religious ?
what is the profession of duke micah and jason lavigilante ?
what is a method of extending an ice hockey game when the scores are tied after regulation , the two main methods of extending the game are the overtime period ?
jessi klein provided the voice of lucy in the animated series written by whom ?
what is the name of the fantasy role-playing game system that is one of the most successful retro-clones ?
what is the name of this brazilian retired professional footballer who played as a striker and was reportedly first used in the step over ?
orpington is a constituency created in 1945 represented in which house , of the uk parliament since 2010 , by jo johnson , a british conservative party politician ?
what is the year of the event that occured first , apollo 8 was born , or frank ii was born ?
ekaterina alexeyevna davydova , is a russian former competitive ice dancer , she is the 1996 world junior champion with which russian ice dancer ?
the pluralist school was a school of pre-socratic philosophers who attempted to reconcile parmenides ' rejection of change with the apparently changing world of sense experience , it consisted of ?
liverpool bay historically suffered from reduced oxygen content from prior massive content of a bay situated where ?
" wrinkles " is a song recorded by which american country and christian country music band , founded in 1982 ?
which australian actor starred in the upcoming american zombie comedy thriller film directed by lin oeding ?
x2 is a 2003 american superhero film that features an ensemble cast including an original graphic novel written by who ?
john malkovich appeared in what 1998 american drama film about the underground world of high-stakes poker ?
who attempted to assassinate the king of northumbria in the last years of the eighth century ?
when was the singer of dee does broadway born ?
what kind of uniform does the nfl color rush play in ?
who was the fourth son of philip ii of spain and was the fourth son of philip ii of spain ?
when was the live weekly radio variety show hosted by american public media as a replacement for live on live ?
what is a professional association football club based in the city of newport , south wales that contested the 1980 welsh cup final ?
stoke extinguisher is an ep by a recording record play in what musical ?
woolsthorpe , lincolnshire is best known as the birthplace of what village and civil parish in the south kesteven district of lincolnshire , england ?
ella mary leather is a collector of the local folklore and songs of herefordshire , amongst her works on a composer strongly influenced by who ?
alison castle was the editor of which book written by linda mccartney ?
which co-creator of unbreakable kimmy schmidt is also in " unbreakable kimmy schmidt " ?
the tsavo man-eaters were a pair of man-eating tsavo lions responsible for the deaths of a pair of construction workers on a railway in what national park ?
the 1994 european cup winners ' cup final was a football match on 4 may 1994 contested between arsenal and parma of italy , arsenal football club is an english ?
which editor of the journal of behavioral finance is a research scholar at george mason university ?
the aia central is located in the largest independent public what ?
sleepless in seattle stars an american actress who appeared in the films " sleepless in seattle " ( 1993 ) and what other movie ?
where was the maternal grandfather of president john f. kennedy born ?
if/then is a musical with a libretto by an american composer who shared the 2010 pulitzer prize for drama with who ?
hoxne manor in suffolk , england was mentioned in the 1086 domesday survey as a key location from which king ?
princess max is a device similar to a tamagotchi , it contains a handheld digital pet , created in japan by wiz maita , of which company ?
the chuck berry house is a 1957 hit single written and recorded by rock and roll star chuck berry , in the fall of 1957 , his recording reached number ?
what is the real name of the rapper who performed " finna get loose " ?
tolex was used in what american manufacturer of tires for motor vehicles ?
bioshock is a first-person shooter video game series developed by irrational games—the first under the name 2k boston/2k australia—and , released in february 12 , 2010 , irrational games unveiled ?
what is a private historically black university located in virginia , virginia , united states where jamal brooks played college football ?
who wrote the lyrics for the classic western folk song sometimes called the " unofficial anthem " of the american west ?
robert " skipp " orr is the former president of boeing japan ( 2002-2007 ) , and former vice president of which american multinational telecommunications company founded on september 25 ?
louis silvie " louie " zamperini was a us prisoner of war survivor in world war ii , a christian evangelist and an olympic distance runner . ?
in which county was lyman sherwood born ?
what country is home to both the huis ten bosch and the huis ten bosch station ?
cashin ' in 2016 is an american business analysis program , the fourth and last show of the " the cost of freedom " business block , which american television ?
if you ever get lonely was covered by what american country music group founded by stephen barker liles , eric gunderson , and brian bandas ?
st wilfrid 's church is located about 11 miles north-west of which coastal resort ?
prince michael of prussia was the great-grandfather of which member of the hohenzollern dynasty ?
where did the genre of music that chapter dos is on the charts originated ?
notre dame high school is located in a town that is close to the regional capital of what ?
richard " dick " miller appeared in which 1984 american science-fiction action film directed by james cameron ?
maurizio lobina created a song on 15 january 1999 as the lead single from what album ?
albert simons is a professor at the college founded in what year ?
com lag ( 2plus2isfive ) is the sixth compilation ep by an english rock band that was released on 9 june 2003 , by who ?
american beauty : original motion picture score is the original score for the 1999 film composed by which american composer ?
which northern irish singer , songwriter , musician and record producer from derry released the album evolution ?
francisco jose mela is a cuban drummer and percussionist , who has performed with a wide array of prominent international latin and jazz artists including which american jazz bassist and ?
mark pavelich was a member of the 1980 u.s. olympic hockey team that won the gold medal in what event ?
the host of " the party machine with nia peeples " is best known for hosting a late-night talk show that ran until what time period ?
hugh milburn stone was best known as " doc " ( dr. galen adams ) , an american radio and television western drama series created by who ?
walker evans was an american photographer and photojournalist best known for his work for the farm security administration and said what ?
what is the nickname of the football club that fred chaves plays for ?
dylan everett appeared in what 2015 television series produced by the epitome pictures unit of dhx media in association with marblemedia ?
the species of artiodactyl mammal indigenous to interior western and central north america is often known colloquially what ?
puma is a genus in felidae that contains the cougar , also known as the puma , among other names , among other names , what ?
the victoria 's secret fashion show is an annual show sponsored by a fashion model of what ?
the ali akbar college of music was founded by a musician known for his virtuosity in what ?
the eyes of nye is a science program that aired on public television in the united states in 2005 , all episodes were rated tv-g , except for " addiction ?
camp courtney is named after a major battle that codenamed what ?
what is the birthdate of this american poker player who has played professionally for over 50 years and contributed to joey hawthorne ?
what country of origin does françois-louis le bland du roullet and christoph gluck have in common ?
x-large is a japanese clothing brand founded by a clothing brand popular in what ?
" lard of the dance " is the first episode of " the simpsons " ' tenth season , homer discovers he can make money by stealing and reselling grease ?
the riom trial was headed by a french general who reached the distinction of what ?
what type of figure does batman and masters have in common ?
peter gifford ( born 5 april 1955 ) , sometimes known as " giffo , " is an australian musician , from 1980 until 1987 he played bass guitar ?
who did the 1995 nba finals play against the team based in orlando , florida ?
crested butte is a home rule municipality in gunnison county , colorado , the mine is located west of which location , in gunnison county , colorado ?
neleus of scepsis was a disciple of what greek native of eresos ?
the eurovision song contest 2015 was the 60th edition of the annual eurovision song contest musical event , the contest took place in which city ?
" realty bites " and " the simpsons " are what type of episode ?
wilhelm heckmann founded what group whose hub operated from the time of the second world war ?
the nika award is a 2004 russian drama film directed by ilya khrzhanovsky , originally conceived as a short film , but turned into a full-length film after four years ?
what british public service broadcaster was welsh rarebit a radio variety show broadcast from ?
colt mccoy is a former american football quarterback for what team that is also known as the younger brother of nfl quarterback colt mccoy ?
when was the british philosopher died after which kate horsley was a professor born ?
dave malloy was a three-time tony award nominee , often based on classic works of literature written by who ?
anthony peterson and anthony peterson are both what ?
georgia university is a masters of more than 20,000 students from all states and what ?
what movie did sisse jørgensen star in that was written by anders thomas jensen and directed by susanne bier ?
who is this english physician and a leader in the adoption of anaesthesia and medical hygiene that inspired the broad street cholera outbreak ?
what year did the manager of the 1971 album " american pie " die ?
wibw-dt2 is a cbs-affiliated television station that operates a standard definition digital signal on vhf channel 13.2 from a transmitter located on what road ?
which suburb of melbourne is located within the electoral district of bass ?
the second u.s. road surfaced with the macadam process pioneered by an unincorporated community in ohio county that is part of what metropolitan area ?
what is a 2011 south korean television series that stars lim ji-won ?
what is the name of the mythical creature of the forest , or rå , in which the hulder is a creature ?
what is the middle name of the man who proposed the lex antonia law ?
biergarten restaurant is one of two restaurants in the germany pavilion at a german-themed pavilion that is part of what ?
the corrs are an irish band that combine pop rock with traditional irish themes are from what county ?
filming 'the trial is an unfinished making-of film that focuses on the production of a 1962 film filmed in what city ?
susanne pollatschek voiced olivia flaversham in the 1986 disney animated film directed by whom ?
the astor bridge is located in a river that is how long ?
shane lynch appeared as a judge on " the x factor " who has sold over how many records ?
the russian route m9 runs north of which route that has a length of about 5320 km ?
when was the film released in which edward edward durning appeared ?
new hampshire route 124 runs from which town in cheshire county , new hampshire ?
what is belgium called the " battlefield of europe " or " the " battlefield of europe " or " the " battlefield of europe " ?
mark fuhrman is a former detective of the los angeles police department ( lapd ) , he is primarily known for his part in the investigation of the murders of ?
what country does grimsby telegraph and scunthorpe have in common ?
when was the folk dance in which johannes brahms ' liebeslieder waltzes " is a collection for the " liebeslieder " come from ?
who directed the 1996 american biographical courtroom drama film in which susanna thompson appeared as a regular cast member ?
sines or short interspersed nuclear elements are sequences of non-coding dna present at high frequencies in various eukaryotic genomes , short-interspersed nuclear elements are characterized by rna polymerase iii ?
francesca caccini was the daughter of the composer who died in what year ?
tarryl clark was a democratic-farmer-labor party nominee for what american politician who is a former member of the united states house of representatives ?
what is an annual gathering that takes place at black rock city—a temporary city erected in the black rock desert in nevada ?
mutton lane is a cemetery that includes the town 13 mi north of what city ?
who is the partner of the general counsel for the 2016 united states secretary of state ?
who was born first , rosemary pratt or rosemary pratt ?
woody rock , is an african-american singer , dancer , and musician best known as a former member of the multi-platinum r & b act dru hill , a group ?
the i stand tour was a tour taken by which american singer and songwriter ?
live at bell 's is the third release from what brewing company based in kalamazoo , michigan , with a second brewery in comstock , michigan ?
what type of media does hoffa and john nicholson have in common ?
the combs–hehl bridge connects the eastern portion of a bridge that has an area of how many acres ?
fennec is a french animated series , about which small nocturnal fox found in the sahara of north africa ?
ashley cole is often referred to as the " lebanese ashley cole " , ashley cole is an english professional footballer who plays as a left-back for who ?
nicholas amer made his professional debut in 1948 playing the part of a play by who ?
kristian zahrtmann was a part of the danish artistic generation in the late 19th century along with which danish painter known as p. s. krøyer ?
what is the name of the area located in south-west of the province of entre ríos , 6 km south from diamante , entre ríos and corrientes ?
bhupen hazarika was an indian playback singer , lyricist , musician , singer , poet and film-maker , recipient of which national level academy for performing arts set up by ?
sollathaan ninaikkiren is a 1973 tamil language film scripted and directed by k. balachander , the film is based on the novel " ilavu kaatha kiliyo " ?
what is the final segment of the simpson spin-off that troy mcclure appears in ?
skye mccole appeared in which 2009 american family drama film directed by gwen wynne and mary beth fielder and directed by gwen wynne and mary beth fielder ?
peter schmeichel is the son of the footballer who was voted what in 1992 ?
the dingoes is an australian country rock band that included a melbourne based australian criminal and drug dealer who died in what year ?
what is the united states air force 's first axial-flow ( straight-through airflow ) compressor engine that originally developed the allison j71 ?
the museum of jurassic technology , is a museum located at 9341 venice boulevard in the palms district , of which california city , in california ?
band-e-amir dragons is one of six first-class cricket teams in what first national park , located in the bamyan province ?
what is the name of the 1964 british musical comedy film directed by richard lester and starring orgasm lennon , paul mccartney , and ringo starr—during ?
cliven d. bundy ( born april 29 , 1946 ) is an american cattle rancher from bunkerville , nevada who is currently federally incarcerated and awaiting trial with bail of ?
aaj ka robin hood starred which indian actor and filmmaker ?
" who owns my heart " is a song by american singer miley cyrus , for her third studio album , titled what ?
america is a compilation album that featured collaborations from which american hip hop trio formed in 1987 ?
what is an american light beer that is produced by the genesee brewing company that is based in rochester , new york ?
what is the name of the stage play written by the last person executed executed in australia ?
brahmarshi vishwamitra is a 1991 telugu hagiographical film produced & directed by an indian actor who served as chief minister of andhra pradesh for how many years ?
luis felipe alcaraz masats is the current chairman of the executive committee of a province located at the foot of what ?
who was the star of the film in which john rhys-davies played king richard malone ?
who is an american actor and comedian that starred in a 2001 american-canadian action comedy film written and directed by chris ver wiel ?
the belton estate is a novel by anthony trollope , written in 1865 , among his best-known works is a series of novels collectively known as what ?
pro evolution soccer 2016 ( abbreviated as pes 2016 , is a football simulation game developed by pes productions , the cover of the game features which brazilian professional footballer ?
lawless is an american detective television series starring former nfl player brian bosworth , nicknamed " boz , " what ?
chrysler 's rear wheel drive f platform was used by what model that was also a model of the plymouth belvedere ?
what type of media does horrible bosses and horrible bosses have in common ?
esta malka charkham , is a british television and film producer and casting director known for the films " chariots of fire " ( 1981 ) , and " supergirl ?
who wrote the 1997 british-american fantasy-drama film that starred a british-american actress who began her acting career on the stage , appearing in major box office pictures ?
what is the name of the character played by claire fraser in the television drama series based on the historical time travel in outlander series ?
mickey 's philharmagic is a 2004 computer-animated direct-to-video fantasy comedy anthology film produced by disney toon studios and the sequel to 1999 's " mickey 's once upon a christmas ?
maria curcio was the last student of the classical pianist of what nationality ?
the notorious bettie page is a 2005 biographical film directed by mary harron , the screenplay focuses on which canadian filmmaker and screenwriter ?
don quixote cites which russian ballet choreographer and a contemporary of marius petipa ?
we were soldiers is a 2002 american war film that dramatizes the battle of ia drang , and was a recipient of what ?
thomas sanborn was a close friend of a philosopher who was originally from what country ?
helter skelter is the second studio album by an english rock band that was a product of mccartney 's attempt to create a what ?
the midlothian campaign of 1878–80 was a series of foreign policy speeches given by william ewart gladstone , leader of britain 's liberal party of which party ?
michelle trachtenberg appeared in a 2004 american teen comedy adventure film that was directed by schaffer berg , and was directed by who ?
michel feher is a founding editor of a french online investigative and opinion journal that is published where ?
which double agent cast was first telecast march 29 , 1987 , on the disney sunday movie series ?
the winner of the 2013 6 hours of silverstone has also been a co-commentator for what ?
the waputik mountains are a mountain range of a mountain range located where ?
josie and the pussycats is a 2001 american musical comedy film starring an american actress who made her film debut in what ?
what is the former name of the stadium that hosted the bedlam series that refers to the athletics rivalry between the university of oklahoma sooners ?
the con artist starred which canadian actor ?
what is the nickname of the grandfather of drew william hale 's grandfather ?
ingarö is an island in värmdö municipality , with an area of scandinavian prehistory from where ?
picciola serenata was written by which italian classical composer ?
the genesis flood : the biblical record and its scientific implications is a 1961 book by which american young earth creationist , christian apologist , and engineer ?
rousillon rupes is a scarp ( " rupes " ) on the surface of the uranian moon titania named after which normal english misspelling for roussillon ?
brittany susan pierce is a fictional character from which fox musical comedy-drama series ?
the type 90 tank is to be superseded by the type battle tank which was released in what year ?
benjamin spooner was discovered in the atlantic ocean near what american merchant ?
due to the political status of taiwan , the republic of china ( roc ) competed as chinese taipei at a city situated at which river ?
what is a species of crab that inhabits eelgrass beds and is a species of crab that inhabits eelgrass beds and water bottoms on the west coast ?
henry 's is an oil-change shop based in tualatin , oregon , united states , prior to being bought by ashland global specialty chemicals inc. is an american chemical company ?
a living funeral is a funeral held for a tv movie directed by who ?
" metal " is a song by gary numan from a 1979 album that reached what in 1979 ?
what award did victor j. zolfo win the bafta award for best production design for the 2008 american romantic fantasy drama film directed by david fincher ?
allardice castle is viewed as one of a chain of coastal castles to a castle that lies on the northern end of what sea ?
what does władysław szpilman and władysław szpilman have in common ?
" knockout " is a song from which seventh studio album by american rapper lil wayne , released february 2 , 2010 ?
melanie reizes klein ( 30 march 1882 – 22 september 1960 ) was an austrian-british psychoanalyst who devised novel therapeutic techniques for children that influenced child psychology and contemporary psychoanalysis ?
the 1971 canadian grand prix was a formula one motor race held at mosport park , on september 19 , 1971 , jackie stewart took the win in the awful ?
sister , sister is a 1982 american drama television movie that stars an american singer best known as charlton heston 's character in what science fiction film ?
althorpe is a small village located 4 mi west of what ?
jacksonville station is an amtrak train station just east of a route that is how many miles long ?
what year did the 2016 reality show produce in which i.o.i debuted ?
the troubles in newtownabbey recounts incidents during the effects of the troubles of the troubles of the troubles of the troubles of the troubles of the troubles of the troubles ?
what is the capital of the district in which shienga is located ?
which episode of " how i met your mother " was played by lou cutell ?
the 2009 america east conference baseball tournament took place at which varsity intercollegiate athletic team of the university at albany in albany , new york , united states ?
mychal george thompson is the father of the team that plays its home games at what location ?
maseru is the capital and largest city of lesotho , which is also the capital of what football club ?
park avenue south is an album by a company founded in what year ?
the senior united states army officer who fought in the battle of saint-mihiel served as what in world war i ?
otterington railway station was located in the village of south otterington , north yorkshire , on the east coast of what country ?
who is credited with the invention of the first capacitor in 1746 who invented the tribometer ?
who is a swiss football forward who currently plays for a club founded in 1905 ?
what is the 9th stop westbound on the westside max line in a city 7 mi west of downtown portland ?
the medellín cartel was a ruthless , highly organized and much-feared colombian drug cartel originating throughout the city of medellín , colombia , in which year ?
strange fruit project is an underground hip hop group , from waco , texas , the group 's name is derived from which american jazz musician ?
the actor that plays tybalt in " romeo and juliet " is best known for his role in what film ?
who created the animated television series in which john dimaggio had the role of bender ?
stephanie kay panabaker ( born may 2 , 1990 ) is an american actress , voice actress , and zookeeper , she 's the younger sister of danielle nicole panabaker ?
what is the name of the 1990 non-fiction book written by the president of tracinda corporation ?
renée montagne was the co-host of what flagship program of national public radio ?
what state is home to both chris thile and the lake wobegon trails ?
who played loretta in the 1980 american biographical film about the story of loretta lynn , tommy lee jones and loretta d'angelo ?
castle tioram is located west of what 17+1/2 mi freshwater loch , 120 m ( 393 ft ) deep , situated 12.4 miles west of fort william ?
what is a series of experimental satellites launched by nasa , under the supervision of a german , later american , aerospace engineer and space architect ?
" the death camp of tolerance " is the fourteenth episode of the sixth season of a tv series created by who ?
hennepin is a suburban city in hennepin county , minnesota , united states , eight miles ( 13 km ) west of minneapolis , a suburban city in hennepin county ?
mogens palle is a danish professional boxing promoter who worked with a british retired professional boxer who was the former undisputed world lightweight champion from what state ?
jane ann , lady winterton , is a british conservative party politician who was the member of parliament ( mp ) for which retired british conservative party politician ?
what is the theme park 2 park 2 known for ?
murray is a home rule-class city in calloway county , a county located in the u.s. state of kentucky , and was founded in november of what year ?
what year was the author of the book the facts behind the helsinki roccamatios published ?
grigory anatolyevich drozd , is a british professional boxer , as of the end of may 2016 , he made his acting debut with a supporting role in the 2015 ?
how much did the band that released the single " special k " begin begin within five minutes ?
the circle is a 2017 american techno-thriller film directed by james ponsoldt , the film stars which 2013 dystopian novel written by american author dave eggers ?
what is the common name for the league that adopted the designated hitter rule ?
anne arundel county , maryland is a member of an unincorporated community in what county ?
somebody 's daughter starred the actor who portrayed detective stan " wojo " wojciehowicz on what television show ?
she hate me starred an american film director who has production company since 1983 , and who else ?
ross pople worked with what english composer who rose to prominence during the second world war ?
the discography of american alternative rock band afi consists of ten studio albums called what ?
what is the name of the opera in two acts by contemporary american composer michael braz , who composed georgia southern university ?
józsef viola ( 10 june 1896 – 18 august 1949 ) also known as giuseppe viola was a hungarian football player and coach , who played as a midfielder ?
when was the american amusement ride designer born who is said to have designed autopia ?
little dipper is a wooden roller coaster located at six flags great america in gurnee , illinois , six flags great america purchased the ride for $ 33,000 at an ?
the fleet requirements and air direction unit ( fradu ) was a unit of which air arm , it was established in 1972 ?
which american casino and resort operating company based in paradise , nevada , united states was the executive vice president & chief information officer for caesars entertainment corporation ?
bisquick is a pre-mixed baking mix sold by an american multinational manufacturer headquartered in golden valley , which is headquartered in golden valley , in what state ?
henna is a dye prepared from the plant that is in what part of asia ?
flowers in the attic is a 2014 lifetime movie , starring which american actress , known for playing sally draper on the amc series " mad men " ?
caprice ka'anohikula dydasco , is an american soccer defender and midfielder , she played for the newcastle jets in which australian football team , founded in 2008 ?
the hmas " narani " was an auxiliary minesweeper operated by the royal australian navy ( ran ) during world war ii , it was requisitioned from the illawarra machine ?
the joint special operations command was established in 1980 on recommendation of the failure of a u.s. army special forces officer best remembered as helping create what war ?
who directed the 2004 american computer-animated fantasy film that is included in the year 2004 ?
what type of media does une tempête and aimé césaire have in common ?
christian albrecht bluhme was prime minister of which military conflict between the schleswig-holstein question ?
the lacemaker was a painting by which dutch artist who specialized in domestic interior scenes of middle-class life ?
what does david finlay breashears and dick bass have in common ?
what is the population of the town that maine school administrative district 3 is within ?
" lost someone " is a song recorded by an american r & b/soul singer who began his career in 1952 as what ?
otto maull was a close associate of a prominent politician known by what nickname ?
leadgate is a small hamlet located at the foot of a small town that shares the title of the 'highest market town in what year ?
netrobalane canopus , also known as north sudan 's independence , is a country in northern africa , it is bordered by egypt to the north , the central african ?
suncoast is a hotel and casino owned and operated by boyd gaming corporation , an american gaming and hospitality company based in paradise , nevada , the company continues to ?
the bronze is a 2015 american sports comedy-drama film directed by bryan buckley and written by who , and winston rauch ?
what was the title title of the act for which islam act 1920 was an act of the parliament of the united kingdom ?
the 2008–09 texas tech red raiders men 's basketball team represented texas tech university during the 2008–09 ncaa division i men 's basketball season , the team plays in which ?
matt mckenzie appeared in a show that focused on the lives of teenage friends living in what fictional fictional town ?
fort frederick was a fort in the city that was named after what honor ?
pacific heights is a 1990 psychological thriller film starring a german film score composer who has composed music for what ?
how many teams are in the league that kadeem jack played for from 2001 to 2017 ?
radio patrol is a 1932 american pre-code crime film , it was released on june 2 , 1932 , by which american film studio ?
felony is a 2013 australian crime thriller film directed by matthew saville , it was screened in the special presentation section at the 2013 toronto international film festival , melissa ?
who operated the federal correctional institution in which stewart nozette was a convicted felon ?
what german composer born in 1950 performed at pacific edge voices ?
india lies on the indian plate , the northern portion of the indo-australian plate , the country is situated north of the equator between 8°4 ' to 37°6 ' north ?
" time " magazine one of the world 's 100 most influential people in 2009 is located in what mountain institute ?
wade watts has been cited as a mentor by the politician who was a college football quarterback for what team ?
wild west world was a wild west theme park in what american city ?
mike bushell is a sports presenter for the bbc bbc , his often often include top tips from the stars , like which english competitive sailor ?
back to the future : the ride was previously located at which simulator that was first announced in 2007 ?
brock marion is the son of a public research university founded in what year ?
not richard , but dick , but is the seventh studio album by a band formed in which city ?
when was the european retail value that bobby arora is a part of formed ?
alan geoffrey serle ( 10 march 1922 – 27 april 1998 ) , known as geoff , was an australian historian , who is best known for his books on ?
beneath is a 2005 american independent drama film written and directed by craig brewer , the film is dedicated to sean covel and chris wyatt , and the list of ?
what is the genre of the genre of opera that carmen bizet is based on ?
who founded a brand of tyres owned by various companies around the world ?
wilmslow high school is a mixed-sex 11–18 comprehensive secondary school in wilmslow , cheshire , and a designated centre of what ?
mediacityuk tram stop is a stop on what museum that is located in greater manchester , england ?
charlie moore is the host of what american regional sports cable and satellite television network that is owned by a joint venture of fenway sports group ?
what is the genre of the film in which huell burnley voiced the character " winnie the pooh " ?
marvel one-shots is a series of direct-to-video short films produced by marvel studios , set within the marvel cinematic universe ( mcu ) , released from 2011 to 2014 ?
venus chronicles the fictional life-story of sarah “ saartjie ” baartman , an american playwright , screenwriter and novelist , who won what for drama in 2002 ?
raphaël coleman is a british teen actor who starred in a 2005 family comedy fantasy film set in what city ?
the winner of the 20th congressional district of illinois was the representative for what congressional district ?
princess yeshashework yilma was the daughter of which chairperson of the organisation of african unity from 25 may 1963 ?
the eastern side of bridger is located on the western side of what university ?
the helene fuld college of nursing is located in an undergraduate academic degree awarded by colleges and universities upon completion of study intended to usually what ?
where is the multi-sport event that held the asian games formally established in delhi ?
eighth wonder starred which british actress and former child star ?
tile kolup , also known as dietrich holzschuh , was an holy roman emperor and king of sicily in the middle ages , a member of which house ?
which star of moving violations was born on june 22 , 1958 ?
what tier of the english football league system does the club that contested the 1894 fa cup final currently competes in ?
the largest international airport in france connects to what cities ?
south dade senior high school is located near what park ?
carlos vieco ortiz was an award winning musician from a city with more than how many people ?
jeffersontown is a home rule-class city in jefferson county , kentucky , a home rule-class city in jefferson county , kentucky , in which city ?
what does philip a. cortez and julián castro have in common ?
the 1981 world rowing championships were held by a finnish rower who won a silver medal at what championships ?
what type of media does spider-man and spider-man have in common ?
what is the name of the young-adult fantasy novel that was first recorded in 2002 ?
jean hudson is a retired judge in the united states of america who served as the presiding judge of texas who served as the presiding judge of texas who served ?
goodbye yellow brick road was recorded at which concert in france in france ?
bruce silverstein gallery is a photographic art gallery started by a neighborhood that had how many inhabitants ?
moby dick—rehearsed is a two-act drama by an english actress who won how many golden globes awards ?
the western end of ny 308 and the western end of ny 308 are located within what body of water ?
the compromise of 1850 was a package of how many separate bills ?
ben eielson was an american aviator , bush pilot and explorer , named what ?
what was the first performance of the band that recorded the album " tinted windows " ?
what county is circumstantial productions located in ?
ellis island , was the gateway for over 12 million immigrants to the united states as the nation 's busiest immigrant inspection station for over sixty years from 1892 until ?
who is older , anita dobson or anita dobson ?
do lafzon ki kahani was a remake of the 2011 film directed by whom ?
what team did the wide receivers coach for the dallas cowboys play in the 2008 ncaa division i fbs football season ?
the 4th congressional district of new york includes what village that has a population of 18,799 at the 2010 census ?
the plymouth explorer was a brand of automobiles based in the united states , it was designed by what carrozzeria ?
what mechanical device does brake fluid and brake fluid have in common ?
nekeshia shiondrail henderson is an american former professional basketball guard who played for the houston comets at the texas longhorns women 's basketball team represents what ?
" the moon represents my heart " is a mandarin song that was made famous by a taiwanese singer who recorded songs in her native mandarin what ?
what is a steel roller coaster located at six flags fiesta texas in san antonio , texas ?
what is the nationality of the actor who has worked with michèle mercier ?
who was educated at king 's college in lincolnshire , north lincolnshire ?
trump entertainment resorts , inc. , inc. , inc. and the trump marina are located in which country ?
dave f. devoe was a director and chief financial officer of a multinational mass media corporation that is headquartered in new york city in what media group ?
what song by italian music group eiffel 65 was released on 15 january 1999 as the lead single from their debut album " europop " ?
via domiziana is the modern name for the via domitiana in the campania region of italy , a major roman road built on which date ?
which star of the sub was born on july 17 , 1964 ?
what was the original name of the magazine that rodney walker contributed to ?
" speed of sound " is a song by british rock band coldplay , the album 's cover art is a combination of colours and blocks , which is a ?
the louisville assembly plant is an automobile manufacturing plant owned by an automobile owned by who ?
robert “ bob ” was the uncle of which american sportscaster and son of sportscaster jack buck ?
the very best of cher is the eighth compilation album by american singer-actress cher , released on april 1 , 2003 , the album includes many of cher 's most ?
who was born first , james gregory mccarthy or joseph mccarthy ?
starrcade lethal lottery ii saw ron simmons defend the wcw world heavyweight championship against what team ?
who was the ex-husband of barbara ryan coleman who was played by barbara ryan coleman ?
what is the name of the giant silverware company founded by burt noyes ?
what is the area of the nature reserve that seacroft is in ?
richard burton 's first mayoral campaign was a rapper who previously served as the mayor of baltimore from what years ?
what russian prima ballerina of the late 19th centuries sang the dying swan in 1905 ?
what movie did larenz tate star in that was directed by matty rich ?
arvo pärt set the latin text of the magnificat canticle in 1989 , in part inspired by which estonian composer of classical and religious music ?
what wrestling promotion , historically based in atlanta , georgia , did randy poffo play for ?
leonard logsdail collaborated with the black comedy crime film directed by whom ?
lee won-il is currently a cast member of a 2014 south korean cooking-variety program that airs on what network ?
who was the father of the man who held the altamont speedway free festival in december 6 , 1969 ?
sir roger de kirkpatrick of closeburn was born in a castle that is 2 km east of the village of closeburn and who else ?
the official plantation comprised of how many acres was a consortium of livery companies of the city of london set up in 1613 to colonise county londonderry ?
sas technical services is the owner of what airline holding company headquartered in the sas frösundavik office building in solna municipality , sweden ?
how large is the state park located adjacent to lighthouse beach ?
the irish home rule movement was the dominant political movement for what political party that campaigned for rule within the united kingdom of great britain and ireland ?
the winner of the london riders ' championship won his first straight world championship after scoring how many points ?
what award did the winner of tlacote el bajo win in his rookie season ?
tool is an american rock band whose line-up includes which grammy award-winning american musician and visual artist , best known for his position as the guitarist for tool ?
what is the name of the one-act play written by one of the last " bona fide " leading men on television ?
who directed a 2014 american 3d computer-animated superhero-comedy film starring an american actor best known for his starring role in " supah ninjas " ?
how many european jews did the sister of eva hayman have ?
liberty square is an attraction at the theme park in what california town ?
the historic inner east neighborhood is a historic neighborhood in eastern dayton , ohio , formed at the end of the nineteenth century primarily by what ?
who created the sitcom in which colin hanks voices the character tom hanks ?
beauty and the beast is a czech horros fairy tale film directed by slovak film director juraj herz , an italian fairytale fairy tale film written by who ?
ænima is the second studio album by what american rock band ?
livin ' la vida loca is a song on what song by ricky martin ?
craig steven virgin ( born august 2 , 1955 ) is an american distance runner , he was born in belleville , illinois and grew up near lebanon , illinois ?
darwin airline is from a regional airport that has how many passengers ?
baseball bugs is a warner bros. " looney tunes " theatrical cartoon short released by an animated cartoon character voiced by who ?
gregg berhalter is a retired american soccer player and current head coach of what team that is owned by anthony precourt and precourt sports ventures llc ?
populus is a section of three species in the genus " populus " , like some other species , in which unincorporated community in imperial county , california ?
carroll county , the name of thirteen counties in the u.s.a. all , is named after who ?
curaçao centre for correction and detention , is the only prison on the caribbean island of curaçao , at the dissolution of the netherlands antilles on which autonomous caribbean country ?
alexander pearce , was an irish convict who was transported to which 2009 australian thriller set in 1822 in colonial tasmania , it escaped from prison several times ?
what country of origin does ferdinand and jordan roberts have in common ?
what country does kilcoy castle and dalcross castle have in common ?
darleen carr ( born darlene farnon ; december 12 , 1950 ) is an american actress , singer , and voice-over artist , she has two sisters , both actresses ?
arthur rex hurden noss won a military cross as keith park 's gunner in the european theatre that took place in what battle ?
" hey ya ! " is a song from an american tv variety show that was written and produced by andré 3000 , and was written and produced ?
pap is a traditional porridge/polenta made from mielie-meal , ground maize and a major branch of what language family ?
the 2014 baylor bears football team represented a stadium that was originally named " baylor stadium " in what month ?
lapta is a game similar to what bat-and-ball game ?
michelle trachtenberg appeared in which 2005 american figure-skating film directed by tim fywell ?
brad elterman is a professional photographer who contributed to an american rock band founded by singer debbie harry and guitarist chris stein that became noted for what ?
" be our guest " is a song written by which american playwright and lyricist ?
the 2010 afl season was the adelaide crows 20th season in the afl on the back of a 5th place and a semi-final exit in the 2009 afl season ?
what team did the 2015 russell athletic bowl play against that was coached by art briles ?
forever and ever , amen was written by which american country singer born on march 17 , 1955 ?
daltoni was a serbian rock band from what group of outlaws that was also known as the dalton brothers ?
what is the name of this spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder and considered a midfielder for english club manchester united and the spain national team ?
jon heder provided voice talents in the 2006 animated film produced by what company ?
what was the nickname of the man who wrote the cover of " sea of love " in 1984 ?
merv , is a major oasis-city in central asia , on the historical silk road , on the historical silk road , located near today ?
charbonneau was named for an american explorer who spoke what ?
june cohen was the executive producer of what nonprofit organisation that provides idea-based talks and hosts an annual conference in vancouver , british columbia , canada ?
just do it ( stylized as just do it ( stylized as just do it ( stylized as just do it " ) is a trademark of shoe company nike ?
the hours is a 1998 novel written by an american actress who is particularly known for her portrayals of what ?
simon bloom is a series of young adult novels by an american film studio founded in what year ?
what actor from northern ireland stars in the 2015 british zombie horror film the rezort ?
what actor starred in both " the rainbow warrior " and " the piano " ?
which star of louder than bombs was born 29 april 1964 ?
when was the college football video game created by the american football quarterback for the chicago bears of the national football league released ?
devil 's food is a compilation compilation by an american rock band known to play country shows under what ?
who starred in a 2015 american drama film directed by rob reiner and written by matt elisofon and nick reiner ?
stephen cepello was selected to paint the current governor of minnesota , who is the current governor of minnesota ?
" i will not say goodbye " is a song written by an american country music artist who first gained national attention as a winner on what ?
jason o'bryan worked on the 2001 mexican drama film directed by whom ?
what country of origin does eric lucassen and the party for freedom have in common ?
mary phillips-matz is mainly known for her biography of a university that is a what ?
craig kilborn was the original host of " the daily show " , a former anchor on which espn show ?
what is the current home for the three disciplines that kyle ezell is currently a professor and head of ?
when was the american jazz pianist and vocalist born who recorded live at shelly 's manne-hole ?
eero pekka markkanen markkanen , is a finnish footballer who plays as a striker for dynamo dresden , on loan from aik , and for which organization ?
what type of media does chun woo-hee and the wailing have in common ?
where was the company that developed the enlist weed control system headquartered ?
nanna popham britton was the mistress of an affair that took place in which city ?
no . 3 elementary flying training school was a royal australian air force employed by a public airport located next to where ?
" wij zijn ajax " ( dutch , " we are ajax " ) is a song by ajax and friends , a song off single by dutch association football ?
leonard logsdail collaborated with the black comedy crime film directed by whom ?
what year did maria bello bello star in the 2013 american thriller film directed by denis villeneuve ?
moon trees are trees grown from 500 seeds taken into orbit around the moon by an american aeronautical engineer who conducted experiments from orbit in what ?
robert t. beers was a member of the nevada assembly from what 2016 election ?
the 1996–97 nba season was the 29th season for the seattle supersonics in the national basketball association , three members of which german-american retired professional basketball player ?
according to the 2010 census , what was the population of the city in which the st. mary 's mission was founded ?
jasmin geljo appeared on a 2005 post-apocalyptic horror film that was written and directed by george a. romero , and was written and directed by who ?
when was the dominican singer , songwriter and composer born who 's album is " mediocre " ?
the coming global superstorm ( isbn ) is a 1999 book by whitley strieber , and which american broadcaster and author ?
what team represented the university of kansas in the 2008 ncaa division i fbs football season ?
hms " seraph " ( pennant number p219 ) was an s-class submarine of the british royal navy , as a deception intended to cover the allied invasion of sicily ?
edward michael " mike " fincke ( born march 14 , 1967 ) is an american astronaut who formerly held the american record for the most time in space ?
goldilocks and the three bares is a 1963 nudie-cutie film from the legendary exploitation team of herschell gordon lewis and david f. friedman , the title has absolutely nothing to ?
salford red devils r.l.f.c . is a professional rugby league club in salford , greater manchester , england , their home ground since 2012 has been the aj bell stadium ?
when was the older brother of ervin randle born ?
the red butte creek oil spill runs near what american multinational energy corporation that is headquartered in san ramon , california ?
john kirby was a jazz double-bassist who scored several hit songs including what well-known traditional scottish song that was first published in 1841 ?
what is the birth name of the student of " blue grass buddies in 1924 ?
" a pair of brown eyes " is a single by a folk song collected by who ?
dorilla in tempe is a melodramma eroico pastorale in three acts by composer antonio vivaldi with an italian libretto by what italian baroque composer ?
spamarama is a brand of canned cooked meat made by who ?
richard marvin devos sr. is a co-founder of what american company that was founded in 1959 ?
what character did victor garber play in the american comedy-drama television series that aired on cbs from august 14 to september 11 , 1985 ?
jeder rappen zählt ( jrz ) " ( literally every rappen ( nickel ) counts ) " is the swiss version of the serious request that broadcasts on dutch radio/television ?
alexander petrovich nikolayev received the title hero of the soviet union for his actions during what war ?
john seasock is a professional monster truck driver who drove a truck that is headquartered in what virginia city ?
what is the name of the countries that opposed the countries that opposed the central powers in the first world war ?
kim hyang-gi starred in a south korean drama film that was released on what date ?
charlotte hatherley acted as a touring instrumentalist for an alternative rock band formed in what year ?
bangor international airport is home to what base created in 1927 as the commercial godfrey field ?
groom lake is located south of a town that is 25 miles south of what town ?
in what year did the man who said " come back to afghanistan " come to afghanistan ?
what is the name of the lack of any perceptible change in an adult adult adult ?
the ngc 3610 was discovered by a british astronomer who followed his father into what military band ?
the charcoal tank nature reserve is located on the crossroads of what highway ?
john of gaunt , was an english nobleman and member of the house of plantagenet , the third of five surviving sons of king edward iii of england and philippa ?
caprice no . 5 was composed by which celebrated violin virtuoso ?
the 2015 msa formula championship was a multi-event , formula 4 open-wheel single seater motor racing championship held across which continent ?
arul ( english : " grace " ) is a 2004 indian tamil action family drama film written and directed by hari starring which indian actress ?
station casinos is a gaming company based in the las vegas suburb of summerlin , nevada , founded by frank fertitta , jr. station casinos , along with which location ?
who is a former zimbabwe international footballer who played as a goalkeeper , most prominently for the english team liverpool between 1981 and 1994 ?
midway college school of pharmacy was a proposed private pharmacy school planned to open in paintsville , kentucky , it would have been the third pharmacy school in kentucky ?
what is the name of the band founded by dan truman and dan truman that was founded by matt davenport , danny gregg , and ty herndon ?
what team did dean caliguire play for that is based in the greater boston region ?
who is an english glamour model and appeared in publications such as " the sun " , " nuts " , " zoo weekly " , and " fhm " ?
william joseph weaver is famous for his portrait of alexander hamilton which hangs in what british king ?
sls station is a side platform located at a hotel and casino on the las vegas strip that is operated by who ?
what song from the album " chess " by tim rice is based on the concept album " chess " by tim rice ?
sandra pizzarello is an italian biochemist whose research interests concern the characterization of an academic degree that qualifies the holder to teach at what level ?
henry w. bloch school of management is an aacsb accredited business school founded in 1952 at the university of which american tax preparation company , founded in 1952 ?
saintmotelevision is the second studio album by what american indie pop band from los angeles , whose music has been described as everything ?
during the christmas season , what year was the movie adaptation of a popular practice of local television stations from 12:30 ?
aati kya khandala , is a hindi song sung by indian actor aamir khan & playback singer alka yagnik and composed by who ?
when was the producer of " betrayal " born ?
paranorman is a 2012 american 3d stop-motion animated comedy horror film produced by laika , released on which date ?
benn f. reyes was an american publicist and impresario mainly known for his work in movies like dr. strangelove , which is what type of film ?
which 2006 south korean television series stars daniel phillip henney deok-su ?
thermoception or thermoreception is the sense by which an organism perceives temperatures the class mammalia ?
what movie did david thewlis star in that was directed by noah hawley ?
youporn is a free pornographic video sharing website and one of the 100 most accessed websites in the world , in the category of pornographic websites , it was surpassed ?
the 1820 maine gubernatorial election saw an american merchant , shipbuilder , army officer , and statesman from where ?
william edward flannery won an academy award in the category best art direction for a company that entered the publishing business in what year ?
holland park is a park in the city owned by what corporation ?
maple leaf sports & entertainment considered purchasing the team , but ultimately a group which included a retired canadian professional ice hockey player of what ?
who is a member of the democratic party for the democratic party in clark county , nevada , united states ?
what is the name of the rapper who appeared on the wu-tang clan and is known as the spiritual head of the wu-tang clan ?
hwarang : the poet warrior youth is a south korean television series that stars a south korean actor born in what city ?
what is the name of this english celebrity chef , television personality , journalist , food writer and campaigner on food and environmental issues , for which jane m. fearnley-whittingstall ?
john wesley , was an english anglican cleric and theologian , who , with his brother charles and fellow cleric , founded methodism , in which fellow cleric ?
spill.com was a continuation of the 2013 period drama film directed by whom ?
the 2011 pga championship was held at which course , held in fulton county in the u.s. state of georgia ?
jollyville is a census-designated place ( cdp ) in travis and williamson counties in texas , it is a neighborhood in north austin , it is a neighborhood in north ?
daniel richard " danny " green , jr. is an american professional basketball player for the san antonio spurs of the national basketball association ( nba ) , and became ?
who directed the 2011 american neo-noir crime thriller film in which " medicine " is a standalone song ?
endangered species is the second studio album by flaw . it was released on which date ?
who is a lithuanian-canadian anthropologist , primatologist , conservationist , ethologist , and author of the trimates ?
george yardley was the first player in nba history to score 2,000 points in one season , breaking the 1,932-point record held by ?
what is the name of the swedish-french crime television series from 2016 that included the midnight sun ?
ben mcniece is a professional australian rules footballer playing for an annual australian rules football match held on what day ?
" only a pawn in their game " is a song about a white supremacist who died in 2001 in what year ?
what nomination did the actor who played the lead role of pablo escobar play in the netflix series " narcos " ?
adrenaline is the debut studio album by what american alternative metal band from sacramento , california , u.s. formed in 1988 ?
the good girl gone bad tour was the second overall concert tour by barbadian singer rihanna , in support of her third studio album " good girl gone bad : ?
what is the title of the second extended play by south korean girl group ladies , in which ladies ' code returned as a trio ?
the 2009 houphouët-boigny stampede occurred on 29 march 2009 in the stade félix houphouët-boigny in abidjan , côte d'ivoire before a 2010 fifa world cup qualification match , the match ?
during the 2004–05 season , which player did carlos boozer play ?
who is an american retired professional basketball player at the small forward position in the national basketball association ( nba ) ?
what year was the british physicist , chemist , mathematician and active sportsman who developed the bragg–gray cavity knighted ?
what type of film is storyville , robbie robertson 's second solo album ?
who was born first , frederick lindemann or frederick lindemann ?
since 1983 , sinimol paulose received india award for her contribution to the indian athletics , she was born in what year ?
charles lane appeared in many frank capra films , including " you with lucy " , a favored supporting actor of what show ?
singapore girl is a consistent visual advertising slogan to depictions of flight attendants < /small > of singapore airlines ( sia ) dressed in the distinctive " " sarong " ?
" das bus " is the fourteenth episode of " the simpsons " ' ninth season , in an extended parody of " lord of the flies " , bart ?
" heartbreak hurricane " is a song written by larry cordle and jim rushing , and recorded by which american country music artist ?
what party did both joseph stalin and mir stalin participate in ?
who was born first , malik hasan or nidal malik hasan ?
what award did the man who founded the fast food restaurant chain chick-fil-a receive ?
where is the team that won the 1997 calder cup playoffs based in ?
what type of music do both bassline and bassline na be in common ?
on what island is the town that chryseobacterium frigidum is isolated near ?
prior to the spring training , the 1996 minnesota twins were projected to be a contending team , the team of chances significantly worsened on march 28 , 1996 ?
never alone was based on the vulpes lagopus , which is also known as what ?
ufc fight night : miocic vs. hunt was held at which indoor arena in adelaide , australia ?
what philosophical system did the author of the fountainhead win ?
john constantine williams was the cofounder of a city in what florida county ?
national weather service – topeka , kansas is located near which city and county seat in morris county , kansas , united states ?
when was the singer of " miss emily 's picture " born ?
the stag inn is operated as a tied house by a brewery founded in what year ?
what is the estimated population in 2014 of the city that creation creation entertainment ?
" i wed three wives " is an episode of a tv series that airs on what network ?
collaborations 3 is album in the series of collaborations albums by which indian playback singer ?
dhool is a 2003 indian tamil-language action masala film directed by dharani , the film featured which indian film actor , who predominantly appears in tamil language films ?
corrib park is a housing estate in what city in the west of ireland ?
darkest hour : europe '44-'45 is a free modification developed by darklight games / the darkest hour team for tripwire interactive 's multiplayer first-person shooter video game , it is ?
" sos " is a song by barbadian singer rihanna from her second studio album " a girl like me " ( 2006 ) , it was written by jonathan ?
the father of ezzo died in what year ?
allan p. grigg has written and produced for what 2012 american 3d computer-animated musical ?
hairy jeremy was a french stop-motion animated television show by pierre scarella in which animation technique that was made in 1992 ?
the ladder of lies stars what actress who was best known as the estranged wife of silent film star rudolph valentino ?
rudolf sieczyński was featured in the soundtrack of a erotic drama film based on what novella ?
" hooligan 's holiday " is a song by an american musician who retired until what year ?
in 1960 , the united states fbi , under director j. edgar hoover , was the first director of what ?
the youngstown puddlers was a minor league baseball team based in youngstown , ohio , a city in and the county seat of which county ?
the 1990–91 unlv runnin ' rebels basketball team represented the university of nevada , las vegas in ncaa division i men 's competition , the runnin ' rebels , coached ?
the synod of chester was an ecclesiastical council of bishops held in which major victory for the anglo saxons ?
what is a simple item of clothing , loosely worn over the shoulders , upper body and arms , and sometimes also over the head ?
where is the headquarters of the british public service broadcaster that owns tenko ?
what sport does 2007 trail appliances autumn and jennifer jones have in common ?
dover street market was created by what japanese fashion label ?
what was the original name of the final match of the 2015 uefa champions league final ?
what is a major regional shopping centre in the western suburb of indooroopilly in the city of brisbane , queensland , australia ?
paolo cannavaro is an italian footballer who played alongside an italian former professional footballer and current manager of what fifa club ?
who was the tenth athlete to compete at both the paralympic games and olympic games , competing in sprint events for below-knee amputees in paralympic events ?
what year was the actor who starred in dc 's legends of tomorrow , or simply legends of tomorrow born ?
klemzig interchange is an interchange on the o-bahn busway that is part of the bus rapid transit system conceived by who ?
the canton of valais is a municipality in the district of what district in the canton of valais , switzerland ?
who acquired the company that acquired kyle york in 2016 ?
who is the widow of the 10th president of the philippines ?
the kabul shahi dynasties also called shahiya ruled the kabul valley ( in eastern afghanistan ) during which event ?
edith " edie " windsor , was an american lgbt rights activist and a technology manager at ibm , d.c. , d.c. , d.c. , as well as all u.s. ?
¿hoy es mañana , is the second studio album by which mexican pop-singer and singer , and is the current first lady of chiapas state , mexico ?
who is the author of an examination and comparison of south asian religions and sects of the mid-17th century ?
dr. mccoy h. " bones " mccoy is a character in the american science fiction franchise " star trek " , james tiberius h. " bones " mccoy is a ?
what type of group does all i wan na do and all i wan na do have in common ?
what is the name of the famous song by the last monarch of the kingdom of hawaii ?
where is the company based that produced the single revenge originally titled " garrett 's revenge " ?
the 2005 air force falcons were coached by an organization that began operations in what year ?
stanley james spinks was an australian rules footballer who played for a club founded in what year ?
who directed the 2009 british christmas comedy film which was produced by bbc films ?
who created the anime series in which " lost in time " is the theme song for ?
hazel keech appeared in what 2011 indian action romantic comedy film ?
what is the young earth view 's name of the organization that carl wieland was the managing director of ?
one of the most influential and universal mathematicians of the 19th and early 20th centuries was a mathematician from what country ?
" grounded vindaloop " is the seventh episode in the eighteenth season of the american animated television series " south park " , the eighteenth season of the american animated ?
armstrong and miller is an english stand-up comedy double act consisting of the actor-comedians alexander armstrong and ben miller , miller is also known for playing the lead role of ?
where was the rapper who released the song " shit " born ?
sir john wedderburn , 5th baronet of blackness was a perthshire gentleman who joined the 1745 rebellion of what uprising ?
montage is a 2013 south korean thriller film starring an indian hindi-language thriller film written and directed by who ?
red is a 2010 american action comedy film that stars an english comic book writer who is best known as the co-creator of what series ?
thomas fitch is best known for his role as a temporary deputy marshal in what events ?
holbrook is a hamlet and census-designated place ( cdp ) in which county , new york , united states ?
near what school district is the superintendent of an american school district in jericho , new york ?
what state does united methodist church of theology and saint paul school of theology have in common ?
sophia chew dallas dallas was the wife of which 11th president of the house of representatives ?
harald fairhair , also remembered by medieval historians as the first king of norway , was the king of norway from where ?
according to the 2010 census , what was the population of the city in which usd 385 is headquartered ?
james j. marcello is the cousin of an imprisoned american mafioso who was alleged to what ?
what executive chef of the baltimore-based charm city cakes shop was featured in the american cooking competition television series that airs on food network ?
nicholas andre pinnock is known for his role as frank sutter in a british crime noir series produced by who ?
who is a former american football tight end for the cleveland browns and the current general manager of the baltimore ravens under general manager ozzie newsome ?
what role did creedence clearwater play in the australian rock–indie pop group which formed in dubbo , new south wales ?
the victorian arts centre is located in what suburb in victoria , australia ?
tom wu appeared in what 2005 british-french crime thriller film co-written and directed by guy ritchie ?
the gap band was an american r & b and funk band which rose to fame during the 1970s and 1980s , with the nucleus consisting of brothers charlie ?
the good , the bad , the weird is a 2008 south korean action western film starring a south korean actor who won what prize in 2015 ?
who was the wife of the second president of the united states ?
messiah ( hwv 56 ) , the english-language oratorio composed by george frideric handel in 1741 , is structured in three parts , this listing covers of what ?
what is the total number of staff in the complex where the 2016 documentary hypernormalisation is based ?
james conlon is an american conductor of opera , and symphonic works , he is known for his efforts in reviving music by composers suppressed during the nazi regime ?
the cathedral of vilnius , is the main roman catholic cathedral of lithuania , it is situated in which largest surviving medieval old towns in northern europe ?
iso 3166-1 numeric ( or numeric-3 ) codes are three-digit country codes defined in iso 3166-1 , part of the iso 3166 standard published by the international organization for standardization ?
matts ( matti ) wiktor hoikka was imprisoned in 1918 for having sided with a administrative capital and commercial centre of what ?
the long–allen bridge is named after a highway that was originally a cross-country route from the pacific ocean to what ocean ?
kellyville ridge is located in the local government area situated on what body of water ?
" mama 's song " is a song recorded by an american singer who rose to fame as the winner of the fourth season of what show ?
wincenty gostkowski was a lawyer and associate of what polish pioneer and associate of patek philippe & co. ?
stanley alan van gundy was the brother of which color commentator who has previously been the head coach of the new york knicks ?
odd future wolf gang kill them all , normally shortened to odd future and abbreviated to ofwgkta ( stylized ofwgk†δ with an upside down cross ) , is an american ?
what american talk show and radio host , author and producer hosts the eleventh season of " the real housewives of orange county " ?
tom holland was a member of a house that was composed of 125 state representatives from districts with roughly equal populations of at least 19,000 what ?
viscount yamaji motoharu , was a japanese general in the early imperial japanese army , soldiers was the official ground-based armed force of where ?
what is the name of this endangered great ape and one of the two species making up the genus that is found in democratic republic of the congo ?
when was the former cook county judge and supervisor of richard b. garippo born ?
shirley breeden narrowly upset an american politician , physician , and what ?
the nba g league is the national basketball association 's official minor league basketball organization , the league was known as what ?
what type of media does srivariki premalekha and srivariki have in common ?
college humor is a 1933 american pre-code musical comedy film , directed by wesley ruggles , and starring which american singer and actor ?
during the 1996–97 nba season , which head coach was fired and replaced with general manager gregg popovich ?
the hunchback of notre dame is a 1996 american animated musical drama film produced by walt disney feature animation for walt disney pictures , the 34th disney animated feature film ?
bytham castle was a castle in the village and civil parish of around how many houses ?
bidone d'oro , was a tongue-in-cheek prize given to the most disappointing player at the end of each calendar year , a play on ballon d'or , the european footballer ?
what is the name of the 1998 american action crime thriller film directed by stuart baird and starring irène marie jacob ?
what is the french translation of the title of the political fiction novel written by john ehrlichman ?
killing pablo : the hunt for the world 's greatest outlaw is a book by an american writer born in what city ?
whiteleys is a large shopping centre in bayswater , london , england , it has been built in the retail space of the former william whiteley limited department store ?
what is the middle name of the narrator of the 1983 american epic historical drama film " the right stuff " ?
what is the name of the elite guard of the macedonian army that created the companions ?
the quiet american is a 1958 american film that stars an american film director who died in what year ?
poutine is home to the dish that emerged in what area ?
josef " seppl " veltjens served as a personal emissary from a german political and military leader who was a recipient of what war ?
" sk8er boi " is a song by a canadian singer-songwriter who has sold more than how many albums ?
r. d. reid appeared in the 2004 horror film directed by whom ?
when was the father of christopher i of denmark king of denmark ?
the white legion was a mercenary unit during the first congo war employed on the side of what president of the democratic republic of the congo ?
the collection at riverpark is an outdoor lifestyle center located east of the 101 freeway in oxnard , california , and is anchored by target , whole foods market ?
what is the name of the cocktail consisting of tequila , triple sec , and lime juice , in which margarida is a variant of ?
what profession does dean buffalini and joe diffie have in common ?
what is the name of the airport that serves as the hub for vanuatu 's flag carrier airline , air vanuatu or bauerfield international airport ?
which star of the maltese bippy was featured in the television show " rowan & martin 's laugh-in " ?
an essay on censorship is a lengthy letter , in verse , by anthony burgess addressed to which fellow novelist , a british indian novelist and essayist ?
jing tian is known for her role in a 2013 chinese-hong kong action crime thriller directed and written by who ?
benjamin james bahan is known for writing the book " a journey into the deaf-world " in a university on what campus ?
what is the birth name of the author of " fortress in the eye of time " ?
what american musician , singer , songwriter , record producer and actor produced the live ep live at third man ?
what is the middle name of the actor who hosted the 24th people 's choice awards ?
heidi brunner is a swiss opera singer who sang in " la clemenza di tito " , an opera seria that premiered at what ?
peter biskind wrote a biography of an american and new york city-based film magazine published by who ?
jean-pierre aulneau de la touche died near a native american tribe residing in what city ?
the battle of the catalaunian plains took place on june 20 , 451 ad , between a coalition led by the roman general flavius aetius and the visigothic king theodoric ?
pontins is the trading name of britannia jinky jersey ltd , a company operating holiday parks in the uk , in preparation for the first all tomorrow 's parties festival ?
what is the nationality of the illustrator who designed chaos marauders ?
australian national airways was founded in 1929 by an early australian aviator who earned global fame where he made the first what ?
center of the world is the eponymous album by a saxophonist born on which day ?
what is an islet in the center of pearl harbor , oahu , in the u.s. state of hawaii , in the u.s. state of hawaii ?
cacareco was a female black rhinoceros exhibited in a political party from what decade ?
jim atchison was the president and chief executive officer of a company headquartered in what city in florida ?
the tariff act of 1890 was an act of the united states congress framed by representative william mckinley that became law on october 1 , 1890 , a tactic supported ?
p. p. soares , was the district attorney of albany county , was the district attorney of albany county , in which us state ?
the 2015 buffalo bills season was the franchise ’ s 56th overall season as a football team , 46th in the national football league , third under leadership of general ?
geekdad is a website covering topics fathers fathers who are manufactured by what privately held company based in billund , denmark ?
the english civil war ( 1642–1651 ) was a series of armed conflicts and political machinations between what royalists and remodelled medieval castle in arundel , west sussex ?
who was born first , gareth barry or michael john standing ?
what is the other name for the model of the egg eierhandgranate ?
the collective for living cinema was presented by which soviet pioneer ?
alexander " alex " trachtenberg was an american publisher of radical political books and pamphlets , founder and manager of international publishers of new york , during the period of ?
samsung galaxy s6 , samsung galaxy , and samsung galaxy are manufactured and marketed by samsung electronics . ?
the nhl plus-minus award was a trophy awarded annually by what russian professional ice hockey player and captain ?
in 2008 , intimate and private photographs of hong kong actor edison chen with various women , including actresses including a 2009 hong kong action thriller film set in what ?
" teardrops " is a single by george harrison , released on which date in the uk in the uk in the uk ?
who produced the 2014 australian psychological horror film in which jennifer kent appeared ?
" you are " is a song by the rock group pearl jam from the band 's 2002 album , released on which date ?
what is the nationality of h. lundbeck a/s ?
sevens is the seventh studio album by american country music artist garth brooks , his duet with which song , recorded by american country pop artist garth brooks ?
at what hotel and casino on the las vegas strip in winchester , nevada was kaye stevens born ?
what team did the current women 's head coach of southern methodist university work for ?
what 1990 movie did the writer of the bbc television sitcom " absolutely fabulous " star on ?
the churchills is a 2012 documentary written and presented by which english constitutional historian and a radio and television presenter ?
born in somerville , massachusetts , on may 20 , 1862 , she was a descendant of which english separatist originally from the west riding of yorkshire ?
the saturn al-31 is a family of military turbofan engines , it was developed by lyulka , now npo saturn , of soviet union , in which country ?
cieli di toscana is named after an italian classical crossover tenor who was born with poor eyesight what ?
obertraun , upper austria is a village that is near which resort area in austria ?
the wexner graduate fellowship program supports graduate students planning a career related to a practical skill encompassing the ability of an individual or organization to lead what ?
what is the nationality of the player who won the french league for the first time in 11 years ?
the 2010 ucf knights football team represented the university of central florida in which ncaa division i fbs football season ?
the bachelor is based on what novel by arthur schnitzler ?
samantha spiro is a double olivier award-winning english actress whose relationship include a tv tv film that follows the relationship between sid james and who ?
ray teal played a sheriff in a 1952 western film directed by who ?
rowland salley ( born november 2 , 1949 ) is an american musician , songwriter and artist , his best-known tune is " killing the blues " , which has ?
the orleans county monitor was a weekly newspaper published in barton , vermont , from which iron-hulled steamship ?
the dakotas is a group of british musicians associated with which english pop singer born on august 19 , 1943 ?
in what year did marissa kurtimah ’ s country of birth ?
who was born first , sarah breedlove or sarah c. j. bailey ?
who is the director of the epic historical romantic drama film in which nellee hooper debuted as a motion picture music composer ?
what american theoretical physicist and professor of physics at the university of california , berkeley starred in oppenheimer ?
" i laugh in your face " is a ballad performed by the bee gees , who gained worldwide fame as a member of the pop group the bee gees ?
what is a product of the architectural movement of the late 18th and early 19th centuries , in which st. john of the cross episcopal church is located ?
girl 27 is a 2007 documentary film about a rape involving an american film actor often referred to as what ?
who was king of england from 1272 to 1307 ?
carl grimes is a fictional character from which comic book series , whose role is depicted in amc ?
which british actor starred in the british cinemascope and technicolor musical film , " summer holiday " ?
the st. louis rams season was the team 's final season in the national football league , the 18th overall in st. louis and the first under new head coach ?
general george crook 's offensive was stymied by the indians , led by whom ?
graham linehan worked on the british sitcom the it crowd , which was written by whom ?
sir thomas maclellan was responsible for the construction of the castle located in what town ?
who was the ruler of pope sergius iii that alberic ii was ruler of rome ?
chandamama is a 2007 telugu film that was provided by an indian film actress who has established a career in what film industries ?
jose maría del río is a spanish voice actor , known as the narrator for a series that have been produced , each consisting of how many episodes ?
salmonby is a village in the east lindsey district of lincolnshire , a village in the east lindsey district of lincolnshire , england , in which country ?
john michael mulvaney , is an american politician who was the u.s. representative for south carolina 's 5 congressional district from 1983 to 2011 , mulvaney served in the south ?
the alexander technique was named after an actor who was of what nationality ?
david burns is a british radio presenter best known for his sports commentary , analysis and discussion on a bbc local radio service covering the area of what ?
socialist thought and practice was a marxist monthly theoretical magazine published by a form of organizational management based on what ?
who created the show that " happy fun ball " is a toy for ?
findlater castle is the old seat of the earls of findlater and seafield , sitting on a 50 ft -high cliff overlooking the moray firth on the coast of banff ?
what does the radical change for marriage in modern china support ?
what country of origin does running man brothers and kim jong-kook have in common ?
" hold on " is a song by british musician sbtrkt ; the stage name of aaron jerome , who won which 2017 prize ?
who played the role of harriet hayes in the first episode of american horror television series ?
hivange is a village in a country that is emphasised by what official languages ?
zīlāni is a village that lies on the road that has a length of how many km ?
derrick t. hamilton played college football at a univeristy that is a member of what league ?
what team did both jacques wilkins and the 1994–95 nba season play in ?
brian a. miller is an american television producer and the current senior vice president and general manager of what burbank , california animation studio ?
dr. hoch ’ s konservatorium was a musician who encouraged what german musician ?
who did the 55th governor of kentucky replace ?
living high and letting die : our illusion of innocence isbn , is a philosophical book by peter k. unger , published in 1996 , inspired by which australian w. ?
mesih pasha or misac pasha , was an ottoman statesman of byzantine greek origin , being a nephew of the last reigning byzantine emperor , who was ?
" we are never ever getting back together " is a song written by bill anderson and recorded as the debut single by which american country ?
the penobscot marine museum is located in what population in 2010 ?
what kind of group does acid house and phuture have in common ?
what cartridge did the original cartridge for the mauser c96 service pistol originally produced in soviet and eastern bloc weapons ?
patricia hy-boulais got her best performance at a grand slam came when she got to the quarter finals of a us open that became naturalized in what year ?
philip kraft was born in a university with over how many students ?
kacha is a territory recognized by a sovereign state in eastern europe whose name means what ?
david chanoff is a noted author of non-fiction work , his work has typically involved collaborations with the principal protagonist of the work concerned , his collaborators have included william ?
starship entertainment , is a south korean record label established in 2008 by kim shi dae , formerly home to girl group sistar , it currently manages artists such as ?
which canadian-born new zealand actress starred in the good dinosaur ?
when was the irish martial arts coach born who was a champion of straight blast gym ireland ?
guilderland is a hamlet of the town that is approximately how far from size ?
gualeguaychú is a city in the province of entre ríos , a central province of argentina , located in what region ?
what production company released a film starring an american singer-songwriter born on march 15 , 1963 ?
what does black sabbath : the dio years and mob rules have in common ?
the riddler 's revenge is a stand-up roller coaster at six flags magic mountain that features a stand-up roller coaster that features a top speed of how much ?
what type of media does fair game and cindy crawford have in common ?
mesilla park is a neighborhood located on the south side of las cruces , new mexico , residents of mesilla founded the community through a land company in 1887 ?
in what year was the winner of the 2009 uefa cup final born ?
heathcliff andrew ledger was an australian actor who appeared in a 2005 american neo-western romantic drama film directed by who ?
bunte blätter , op . 99 , is a collection of piano pieces by robert schumann , he had been assured by his teacher friedrich wieck , he could become ?
what country of origin does ishqbaaaz and aditi gupta have in common ?
what country of origin does teacher 's pet and teacher 's pet have in common ?
khushi ek roag is a 2012 pakistani drama serial that is directed by a holding company founded in what country ?
winter hill is located on which small water reservoir ?
democracy is a system of processing conflicts in which outcomes depend on what election , further confirming that nazarbayev ?
what is the apple ipod 4g that is distributed through a portable media player created by apple inc ?
terre haute is a 2006 play by what american novelist who is an essayist on literary and social topics ?
levitt & sons was a real estate development company founded by a real estate development company that is most famous for having built the town of what ?
when was the american singer-songwriter who recorded the stovall sisters born ?
dayton is a 1968 crime film starring an american actor best known for what role on " m*a*s*h " ?
the kolozsvár ghetto was located between the signing of which treaty ?
at which university is this american philosopher , theologian , and christian apologist whose philosophy is theistic science currently serves as a distinguished professor ?
where is the show that michael polcino is an animation director set in ?
manuel machado machado was named mvp for the first-round pool c bracket of the wbc , after an american professional what ?
glenn hughes was the original " biker " character for the college preparatory high school for boys in what city ?
what team did seth lesser play with that was born october 7 , 1987 ?
travis mcgee is a fictional character , created by american mystery writer john d. macdonald , mcgee appeared in 21 novels , one of the earliest examples of detective/mystery fiction ?
the ibrahim-al-ibrahim mosque faces south towards the strait of gibraltar and morocco that share what monarch as head of state ?
the 1987 european cup final was held at a football match that saw porto of portugal defeat who ?
drool is a 2009 american film , starring laura harring , jill marie jones , and which israeli film and television actor ?
when was the american actor who starred in namibia : the struggle for liberation born ?
marine air control group 48 is based at the home of the only navy camp that is located in what county ?
the 34th pursuit squadron is an inactive united states air force unit that was wiped out in the battle of the philippines during what war ?
robin is a 1973 american romantic drama film starring an american actor known as what in " beauty and the beast " ?
" hotride " is the fifteenth single released by which british electronic music group from braintree , essex , formed in 1990 by keyboardist and songwriter liam howlett ?
rutgers–newark is one of three regional campuses of rutgers university , the public research university of the u.s. state of new jersey , in 1945 , the state legislature voted ?
cool runnings is a 1993 american comedy sports film directed by jon turteltaub and starring leon e. doug , rawle d. lewis , malik yoba and who ?
cromwell station is one of the system 's two southern terminals , one of two stations in glen burnie , a census-designated place in what county ?
where are the pan celtic festival and the pan celtic festival located ?
in what year was the head coach of the 1981 sooners born ?
when was the coach of the 2008 texas tech red raiders football team born ?
david campbell was a member of a unrecognized and autonomous territory located in what state ?
a 200-foot game is an expression used in which canadian hockey game ?
the gm technical center is a general motors facility in a city located in which county ?
the dornier aerodyne was conceived by which german aeronautical engineer , a pioneer of aerodynamics who made important contributions to the understanding of flying wings , delta wings ?
margaret rose mackenzie was a london-born writer and filmmaker who first become known for producing robert joffrey 's multimedia ballet " astarte " with who ?
sir john grey gorton , was the 19th prime minister of australia and long serving serving which australian politician and the 17th prime minister of australia from 1966 to 1967 ?
who is the head coach of the team for which damon stoudamire played professionally ?
t-bolan was a japanese rock band whose members were inspired by an english rock band formed in what year ?
what is the mascot of the university at the university of tennessee at chattanooga ?
brackendale is a small community in the canadian province of british columbia just north of which bird of prey found in north america ?
nightbook is an album created by a man who trained at what school ?
when did the invasion that the capture of the iraqi capital of baghdad lasted ?
what major international airport is located in the second busiest airport in europe ?
what is the name of the prominent shopping district in manhasset on the north shore of long island in nassau county , new york ?
hot pixel is a puzzle video game released by which organization , for the sony playstation portable game console ?
matt toeaina is an american football defensive tackle who is currently a free agent , he is from which college football team for the university of oregon ?
charlotte meyer was the electress of the 18th-century english painter who was of what heritage ?
what team did colleen planeta play for that is based in the city of adelaide , south australia ?
the hindmarsh stadium is a multi-purpose stadium located in adelaide , south australia , it sold how many litres in the 2013 financial year ?
king rat starred which english actor who came to prominence in the early 1960s ?
ahmed khader a. al-muwallad won a gold medal at the asian indoor games held in what city ?
what year did the host of " the krypton factor " broadcast on the itv network show " the krypton factor " ?
what is the name of the synthetic , orally active anabolic-androgenic steroid ( aas ) which was developed by patrick chambers ?
what is the current motto of the owl icon co-created by harold bell ?
british rail class d1/3 was a locomotive commissioned by an industrial equipment manufacturer now part of what group of germany ?
inner secrets included what mexican and american musician who first became famous in the late 1960s and early 1970s with his band , santana ?
what does commodore pablo carballo and argentine air force have in common ?
who is an american former national basketball association ( nba ) player and currently a television analyst for cbs sports ?
who is the actress who appeared in both " flowers in the attic " and " flowers in the attic " ?
yannick carrasco carrasco is a belgian professional footballer who plays as a winger for a spanish club that play their home games at what club ?
william n. fenton was an american scholar and writer known for his extensive studies of a historically powerful northeast native american confederacy whose name is what ?
the song " where is the love ? " was released in what year ?
" glad to be unhappy " was sung by which american composer of music and more than 900 songs and for 43 broadway musicals ?
who is the grandson of the eldest son of grand duke konstantin konstantinovich of russia ?
christopher maurice pyne , is an australian politician who has been the liberal member for the house of representatives seat of which organization , since the 1993 election ?
la vendedora de rosas is a film loosely based on what short story by danish poet and author hans christian andersen ?
when was the fifa world cup held in which pierre van hooijdonk played ?
barry t. frazier ( born december 30 , 1946 ) is a former american football coach who is currently the athletic director at the university of wisconsin–madison , alvarez stepped ?
h-63 is a county-designated highway ( cdh ) in the upper peninsula of michigan , a city in , and the county seat of which county ?
what italian-american mobster and crime boss starred in the 1997 american crime drama hoodlum ?
what is the genre of the film for which auliʻ i cravalho made her acting debut ?
stade 24 novembre is a stadium located in a city situated on which river ?
william " silent bill " hopke played how for the detroit tigers , an american professional baseball team based in detroit , michigan ?
the trappist abbey of achel or saint benedictus-abbey , is located in achel in the campine region of the province of limburg , the abbey is famous for its spiritual ?
where is the native american tribe , of which mato-tope is a native american tribe , residing ?
dan scalco is a contributing author for a magazine whose editor-in-chief is jason feifer and who ?
phulwa khamkar has choreographed hindi films like what upcoming hindi thriller film written , co-produced and directed by deepak shivdasani ?
china bio-immunity is based in a town whose principal products is what ?
laurie davidson is an english actor known for playing a fictionalized version of a young william shakespeare 's " will " that was canceled after what year ?
what is the population of the province that herald provincial park is in ?
gogo inc. is a provider of in-flight broadband internet service and other connectivity services for commercial and business aircraft , headquartered in chicago , illinois , 17 airlines partner with ?
anne of ingleside is a children 's novel by which canadian author , and was a canadian author best known for a series of novels beginning in 1908 ?
who is the father of the actress who played perdita in the first public mistress of king george iv ?
nguyễn văn trỗi gained notoriety after being captured by south vietnamese forces while trying to assassinate a republican senator from what state ?
concerned republicans would be found in what agreement between the british and irish governments ?
what is the net worth of the inventor of intel corporation ?
who is the head coach of the team that won the georgia institute of technology during the 1981 ncaa division i-a football season ?
the abcs of death is a 2012 american anthology horror comedy film produced by filmmakers producers and directed by filmmakers from around the world , it contains 26 different shorts ?
which saturday night magazine actress was born october 24 , 1989 ?
smurfs : the lost village is a 2017 american 3d computer-animated comedy-adventure film , it stars which american actress and comedian , born on may 2 , 1980 ?
daburiyya is east of the largest city in the northern district of israel , and is known as what ?
the winter meetings are an annual event , held each december , in which country ?
what actor best known for his work on the " underworld " series , also directed a 2007 american action film starring bruce willis ?
nathan diaz " nate " diaz competed in what american mixed martial arts promotion that was founded in 2001 ?
the peak galleria is a leisure and shopping complex and tourist attraction located near the summit of a mountain with an elevation of how many m ?
the 1992 stanley cup finals were led by which current owner of the pittsburgh penguins ?
what was the leader of the battle of boulogne from ?
imran khan , is a pakistani film actor who has worked in lollywood and which other films ?
shenley hall is located in a village that had how many inhabitants in central london ?
christopher nixon cox is the grandson of the politician who is currently the chairman of what committee ?
keene high school serves the town in what new hampshire county ?
in what year was the director of hostel : part iii born ?
ansel elgort played the title character in the 2017 film directed by whom ?
who is an american professional baseball outfielder for the atlanta braves of major league baseball ( mlb ) who injured the los angeles dodgers ' 2007 season ?
aubrey otis hampton was an american radiologist remembered for describing what ?
ok mozart is an annual classical music festival held each june in bartlesville , oklahoma , considered what ?
the voice in the 2005 south korean horror film that was the fourth installment of the " whispering corridors " film series was created in what year ?
how far west of vilnius is the town that edmundas zenonas malūkas is the former mayor of ?
what is the birthdate of this american film actor , whose career spanned from 1928 to 1962 , and starred in sugarfoot ?
michele landis dauber was involved in the efforts to recall which criminal case in santa clara county ?
ain timguenai is a commune in the sefrou province of morocco , a sovereign country located in the maghreb region of north africa , officially known as what ?
nic nolan was the director of what company that is owned by nova entertainment and lachlan murdoch 's company ?
the likwit crew was founded by an american rapper who is known as the host of what mtv show ?
who is a belgian football coach and former international goalkeeper for the belgium women 's national football team ?
dael jonathan fry , is an english professional footballer who plays as a centre back for which professional association football club based in middlesbrough , north yorkshire ?
" jk wedding entrance dance " is a viral video featuring an american singer who was later certified by what recording industry association of america ?
katie sagona played johnny depp 's daughter on what stage in " donnie brasco " ?
robatumumab , is a monoclonal antibody and an antineoplastic by which american pharmaceutical company and one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world ?
la yesca dam was inaugurated by which president of mexico from 1 december 2006 to 30 november 2012 ?
which actor from " you 're a good man , charlie brown " was also in the 2006 memoir without you : a memoir of love , loss ?
paul capellani was a french silent film actor who died at a military operation that took place in which part of france ?
the inglis barracks bombing was a bomb attack carried out a provisional irish republican army that was planted by killing whom ?
what former american football wide receiver who played fourteen seasons in the national football league for the pittsburgh steelers signed the pittsburgh steelers in 1969 ?
in august 1914 a consignment of vickers machine guns stolen off a ship originally produced for what army ?
what lieutenant general in the house of rest stayed in the elliott-donaldson house ?
david thewlis is an english actor , director , screenwriter , and author , other notable performances include which fictional character in shakespeare 's " macbeth " ?
who was born first , samuel parker or james parker ?
smith haven mall is located in a village that had how many inhabitants in 2010 ?
love and poison is an official biography of a band formed in which city ?
our kid eh is the second album by which spoof , released on 2 october 2000 by parlophone ?
brian kirk was cast as harry potter in the first " harry potter " and who else ?
who was the author of the opera in which armand castelmary appeared in ?
what actress appeared in both straight to the heart and a perfect ending ?
what movie did rebecca gibney star in that was based on the novel of the same name by rosalie ham ?
neo-libertarianism is a political and social philosophy that is a combination of libertarian principles with present-day neoconservative principles , this ideology that holds that the united states is unique among ?
nancy h. winstel was the head women basketball coach at a university located in what city ?
who was born first , martin lee truex or martin lee truex ?
the nutcracker , is a 1993 american christmas musical film , directed by emile ardolino , also known as who ?
the manhattan blues project is the fifth studio album by guitarist steve hunter , it is particularly notable for its all-star lineup of which american pianist and composer ?
the 1981 world rowing championships were held at which location outside munich , germany ?
what is the name of the domestic cat with black fur that includes oscar ?
liv glacier was named for what norwegian explorer of polar regions ?
lilian sukis made her professional opera debut in a festival held within the austrian town of salzburg , the birthplace of who ?
" bad reputation " is the seventeenth episode of the american television series , " glee " , in " bad reputation " , cheerleading coach sue sylvester ( jane ?
the mountbatten institute was named after a naval officer of what nationality ?
what is the format of the radio station that james bryson worked on in 2001 ?
what is the name of the blood sport involving the fighting of male crickets ?
when did the magazine that hudson hawk is the winner of cease production cease production ?
viktor raychev is an outfield player whose primary role is to prevent what team ?
the tantallon castle is a semi-ruined mid-14th-century fortress located 5 km east of a island in the outer part of what ?
lee mi-sook appeared in what 1986 south korean drama film directed by lee doo-yong ?
oakenclough is an english hamlet located on the edge of the forest of a small part described as what ?
the cleveland thyagaraja festival is a celebration held in a town known as what ?
peter giunta and tom coughlin both played for which team ?
lahore eagles , is a cricket ground t20 cup team , based in lahore , punjab , pakistan , the stadium has a capacity of how many spectators ?
piazza san fedele is sited in milan near which shopping mall ?
the start of the season was marked by the departure of ronaldo and the arrival of which retired argentine footballer , current coach and the marquee player ?
" pookkalae sattru oyivedungal " ( english : oh flowers… rest a while ) ) is a romantic tamil song from the 2015 tamil film , " i " ?
jean baptiste point dusable high school was named after a chicago landmark arrested by what military military ?
rosemary martin appeared in the 1978 bbc musical drama serial written by whom ?
the dictator who wrote the experimental paradigm in the dictator game was an psychologist of what nationality ?
the smallest breed of dog and is named after the state of chihuahua , is named after what ?
the 1891 birthday honours were appointments by queen victoria to a national newspaper based in what city ?
who is an american professional boxer widely considered the greatest pound-for-pound boxer of all time , who is considered the greatest pound-for-pound boxer of all time ?
gregg berhalter is a retired american soccer player and current head coach of what team that is owned by anthony precourt and precourt sports ventures llc ?
the author of " the goat and her three kids " died in what year ?
which 1979 film adaptation of a shakespeare play did john henley appear in ?
what is the name of the equation of the doctoral advisor of the nobel prize winner ?
what is the name of this peninsula located in the australian state of south australia , where the pelican point power station is located ?
what type of film is 40 days and 40 nights ?
meghan strange appeared in what american animated television series produced for disney channel ?
ashes in the snow is a world war ii drama based on a novel by ruta sepetys that was translated into more than how many languages ?
robert mcelroy is a roman catholic prelate and bishop , a national weekly magazine published by the jesuits of the united states , and headquartered in which year ?
george d. maziarz is a republican politician from what state ?
james fitzjames , 1st duke of fitz-james and jérica , was an anglo-french military leader , illegitimate son of king james ii of england by arabella churchill , sister of ?
the liberty tree district is a historic district encompassing a collection of six mid-scale commercial buildings centered on what street ?
mount austin barracks was a british army base , in hong kong during which mountain in the western half of hong kong island ?
conspirare has commissioned works from which grammy-winning american composer ?
who was born first , t. t. boudreau or paul t. boudreau ?
" when a woman loves " is the first single by singer r. kelly from which eleventh studio album ?
what is the name of the composer who composed music for the fantasy role-playing video game developed and published by square enix for the 2 home video console ?
ed mangano defeated whom in 2009 in an election held on november 3 , 2009 ?
sadie macdonald was born in a town that is located how far from sydney ?
intelligent design : the bridge between science and theology is a 1999 book by american philosopher and mathematician william a. dembski , a proponent of what ?
the special forces unit of the british army was founded in what year ?
" the kilby international awards " was an award created by an american electrical engineer who took part in the realization of what ?
john hatzistergos is a former member of one of the two chambers of the parliament of the australian state that has how many members ?
what scottish athlete , rugby union international player , and missionary chose his religious beliefs over competing in an olympic race held on a sunday ?
" money , money , money " is a song recorded by swedish pop group abba , written by who ?
what was the profession of the person that hosted the 1948 commonwealth prime ministers ' conference ?
christopher " chris " fairbank provided voice talent for what 2006 british-american computer-animated action-adventure comedy film directed by david bowers and sam fell ?
charles john godfrey saunders was the bishop of which british independent private day school ?
in which year did this american director of theater , opera and film , who win the stage musical " the lion king " , previously won ?
the honda h engine was developed by honda to be able to enter a four-cylinder four-stroke engine introduced in what year ?
" mad girl 's love song " is a poem written by sylvia plath in 1951 , it is written in which form ?
the 63rd naia men 's division i basketball tournament was held in a university in what suburb of georgia ?
liam mcewan is an award winning television presenter , radio host and social media personality from auckland , new zealand , he currently resides in los angeles , california ?
william howard was an american mechanical engineer who was one of the first to work for the baltimore and ohio railroad railroad built an original line from what ?
" it 's me that you need " is a song by elton john with lyrics by an english singer who five-decade what five-decade career ?
what american attorney and sportsman in new york city who was married to edith ewing starred in grey gardens ?
what american coming of age television sitcom did cyrina fiallo star in ?
archie ( also known as archie comics ) is an ongoing comic book series featuring which main character in an american comic book series published by archie comics ?
here at the end of all things comes from a quote from which " the lord of the rings " author ?
the city where daewoong pharmaceutical co. is located is the world 's what ?
charles white whittlesey was a united states army officer and an american medal of honor recipient who led the final stages of what war ?
where was the writer of " north by northwest " born ?
on 4 may 1982 , australian army personnel robin reid and terry ryan luckman , queensland and luckman then drove the boys at gun point to which coastal town just ?
what castle is an ideal base from a castle on the northeast coast of england , by the village of bamburgh in northumberland ?
jason michael smith , is an american actor , producer and skateboarder , he is also known for his roles in the character silent bob of stoner duo jay and ?
what is the name of the graphic novel written by the artist best known for his artwork on marvel team-up ?
lisa marie simpson is a fictional character voiced by an american cartoonist born in what year ?
john jackson was drafted by what american football wide receiver for the tampa bay buccaneers of the national football league ?
joe duddell is a composer , musician and conductor from manchester , uk , and former associate professor of music in the school of music and performing arts of bath ?
" take me " is a song recorded by which american singer , actor , and producer , with the tommy dorsey band ?
basie meets bond is a 1966 album by which american jazz pianist , organist , bandleader , and composer ?
blackadder 's christmas carol is narrated by an actor born in which year ?
perry ellis is a professional basketball player for a team that competes in what conference ?
one of two day day announcers for the new york jets , what year did he win the mets ?
the revolutionary is a 1970 political drama film starring an american actor who played what role in " the hunt for red october " ?
the synod of chester ( medieval latin : " sinodus urbis legion ( um ) " ) was an ecclesiastical council of bishops held in chester , in the late ?
everybody 's crazy is the fourth studio album by american recording artist michael bolton , the album was released in 1985 by columbia records , a loosely defined subgenre of ?
the current holder of the professional footballers ' association young player of the year is a midfielder for what club ?
when was the frontwoman of queens of clubs trilogy born ?
the trail blazers are a 1981 sports book written by which american retired basketball player and television sportscaster ?
what congressional district did the representative who introduced the we the people amendment have ?
aleksandr dugin served as advisor to a form of radical authoritarian nationalism that came to prominence in what year ?
bob case is best known for inspiring the naming of what storm that was also known as the no-name storm ?
the shops at columbus circle is an urban shopping mall in the time warner center in manhattan , new york city — a complex of skyscrapers that was completed in ?
which private four-year co-educational liberal arts college is located in tennessee ?
the 'burbs starred what canadian actor who appeared in films and television ?
guy edward pearce appeared in what 2013 american superhero film that was based on a marvel comics character ?
the continental baths was a gay bathhouse in the basement of which building on the upper west side of new york city ?
when was danish professional boxer which lucian bute vs. glen johnson was a middleweight champion born ?
what profession does jonah meyerson and alison meyerson have in common ?
no . 1455 ( fighter ) flight ) was equipped with an aircraft designed and predominantly built by hawker aircraft ltd for what force ?
the early years is a compilation album by an english rock singer who was the lead singer of what band from 1973 to 1976 ?
jomar brun was appointed professor of electrochemistry at the operations of operations undertaken by norwegian saboteurs during world war ii to prevent what weapon ?
my babysitter 's a vampire was based on the show that was created by whom ?
corey sanders has served as chief operating officer of what hotel and casino located in paradise , nevada ?
richard callaghan is an american figure skating coach best known as the long-time coach of a six-time u.s. national champion born in what year ?
the gin drinkers line was a british military defensive line against the japanese invasion of hong kong during the battle of hong kong , on which date ?
espn 's coverage of thoroughbred racing consisted of ntra racing to the kentucky derby. , road to the world thoroughbred championships/ntra racing , the post position draw for the kentucky ?
who is the american professional basketball player for guaros de lara of the liga profesional de baloncesto and married to aaron goodwin ?
villa unión is the second largest town in a city that is located on the pacific coast , and is across from the southernmost what ?
" no problems " is a song released by a rapper raised in what neighborhood of new york city ?
the sophia amalia was a ship of the royal dano-norwegian navy named after a king that was king of which countries ?
3teeth is the self-titled debut studio album by an american rock band from what city ?
gunnersbury park was opened by what british conservative politician who served as prime minister of the united kingdom from may 1937 to may 1940 ?
richard gerald " dick " purcell jr. was an american actor best known for playing marvel comics ' captain america in what 1943 film ?
what is the name of the high-profile inter-city rivalry between english professional football clubs liverpool and manchester united ?
the 53rd national hockey league all-star game took place at a arena that was completed in what year ?
when was the british restaurateur , author , actress and television personality who appeared in " vanderpump rules " born ?
james f. stuart ( 23 december 1928 , baton rouge , louisiana — 7 march 2005 ) was an american opera director and operatic tenor , the patter song is ?
hugo romero romero is a spanish footballer who plays for a spanish football team based in the autonomous community of where ?
broadbent arena and freedom hall are both located in what kentucky city ?
which character in the arrowverse universe is a comic book character created by gerry conway and bob oksner ?
who directed the 2011 british action comedy film that featured the titular character johnny bond ?
wardruna is a norwegian music group dedicated to creating musical renditions of norse cultural and esoteric traditions , it was formed in which norwegian vocalist and artist ?
which star of how to steal a million was also in the royal academy of dramatic art ?
tahmoh penikett , is a canadian actor and martial artist , he has starred in which tv series , and co-founder of bellwether pictures , and is best known as ?
what does the ghost and the darkness have in common ?
vanessa anne hudgens ( born december 14 , 1988 ) is an american actress and singer , after making her feature film debut in " thirteen " ( 2003 ) ?
jock yablonski was murdered by a union political opponent that was left with how many members ?
espn college football friday primetime is preceded by a 5-10 minute long segment segment of what ?
the cherry orchard is an american actress who has appeared in film , television and stage , and a final-year student at what school ?
who is a british music producer and engineer notable for working with depeche mode , an english electronic band that formed in basildon , essex in 1980 ?
once upon a time in high school , released in which year , is a south korean drama film ?
the scandinavian west india guinea is dedicated to the collection of a colony in what part of caribbean ?
harry emerson fosdick was an american pastor who was one of the most prominent liberal ministers of a christian church that opened its doors on what date ?
which actor appeared in both armed and dangerous and waiting for guffman ?
in 2015 , porter was adopted by glenn cook , who was born in what year ?
giovanni carmazzi , is a former american football player , he was on the roster of which professional american football team located in the san francisco bay area ?
what actress appeared in both silent of a fool and silent witness ?
terry swartzberg ( born july 22 , 1953 in norwalk , connecticut ) is an american pa ( public affairs ) campaigner and journalist , he is especially known for ?
jörg leichtfried is an austrian politician who currently serves as federal minister for transport , innovation and technology and technology in the government of what chancellor ?
ed wubbe was born in a city that is located in which province in the west ?
who served as president of the national technical institute for the deaf and vice president and dean of rochester institute of technology ?
" no one 's gon na love you " is the song in which 2009 american comedy horror film directed by ruben fleischer ?
michael " mike " campbell rose to international prominence for suing the regime of robert mugabe of violating rule of law and human rights in what state ?
the voyage that shook the world was released by a religious belief that holds how much ago ?
the ferrari f430 , is a sports car that was produced by the italian car manufacturer ferrari from 2004 to 2009 , a successor to the ferrari 360 , it ?
spongebob squarepants 4d : the great jelly rescue , is a 4-d film attraction that serves a sequel to which cel-shaded 4-d film attraction ?
what 15th comedy album stars the actor who played a regular on the children 's television series " the electric company " ?
endangered species is the second studio album by what american rock band from louisville , kentucky ?
who is the head coach of the team for which caleb kelly plays football ?
the art loeb trail passes through a forest that is managed together with the other three north carolina national forests ?
when was the uruguayan former footballer born who 's management team is charlie oatway ?
who is best known for his lead role in baz luhrmann 's " strictly ballroom " ( 1992 ) ?
what does ludwig von gerlach and otto von gerlach have in common ?
dance moves or dance steps was used primarily as a change of pace step while doing what ?
the ocean county mall is a super-regional mall , opened in 1976 by edward j. debartolo corporation , in which county ?
the principal activity of jaguar land is the holding company of what holding company that is a subsidiary of indian automaker tata motors ?
who voiced the character in " the simpsons " episode " principal charming " ?
forbes is an american business magazine , published bi-weekly , it features original articles on finance , industry , investing , and marketing topics , primary competitors in the national ?
evan jonigkeit is an american actor known for his role in a comedy-drama anthology series released on what network ?
petruccio ubaldini ( ca.1524–ca.1600 ) was an italian ( " tuscan " ) mercenary soldier for henry viii ( 1545–47 ) , in edward vi 's scottish war ( 1549 ?
" is it just me ? " is a single by a rock band from what english city ?
who is an american former professional tennis player from the us , who was married to former tennis player andy roddick ?
what country are both spencer plaza and alsa mall located in ?
the htc u11 is also compatible with which american multinational telecommunications conglomerate , headquartered at whitacre tower in downtown dallas , texas ?
justin bannan played college football at a university that is a member of what conference ?
what indian film actor who debuted in telugu cinema debuted in the 2009 film tadakha ?
taglierini is a type of ribbon pasta , long like spaghetti , two to three mm or roughly a tenth of an inch wide , similar to tagliatelle , but ?
blues to the bush is a live album by what multinational e-commerce corporation ?
the land rover defender was developed from what british multinational automotive company ?
jack j. stephans was the head football coach at a university in what city ?
how many beer brands are in the heineken brewery ?
wilmington is a port city and the county seat of new hanover county , a port city and the county seat of new hanover county in coastal southeastern north carolina ?
optimist in black is the first studio album of a british fashion designer born on which day ?
australia 's got talent is an australian reality television talent show , which english-born australian singer , songwriter , actress , model and radio personality ?
where is the group of islands that alton a. lindsey was a professor of forest ecology at ?
the roman catholic diocese of reno is an ecclesiastical territory ( or diocese ) of the roman catholic church of the united states , centered on the city of reno ?
cheick ismaël tioté is an ivorian footballer who played in an ivorian semi-professional football team based in kossou , yamoussoukro , ivory coast , and what other team ?
dancing on ice is a british made dance competition television series franchise produced around the world , the format devised by claudia albertario rodríguez , an argentine model , vedette ?
what was the original name of the band that bob dunlap is best known for ?
edward montgomery " monty " clift is best remembered for roles in a 1953 drama film directed by who ?
" tunak tunak tun " is a bhangra/pop love song by an artist born in which year ?
the rainmaker stars an actor who has won how many golden globes ?
" wall of fame " is a british comedy panel game that features an english comedian known for his partnership with who ?
who directed the 1940 drama film in which john arledge played a supporting role ?
the story of van morrison and the story of them featuring van morrison are recorded by which band ?
laura elizabeth dern ( born february 10 , 1967 ) is an american actress , she 's known for her collaborations with filmmaker david lynch , having appeared in four ?
when was the composer of " peter schmoll und seine nachbarn " born ?
erin wall was born in a city situated at the confluence of which river ?
the 2009 fa community shield ended in a 2–2 draw – the goals coming from which english professional footballer born on october 24 , 1985 ?
where did the coach of the university of missouri 's women 's basketball team win the missouri tigers women 's basketball team ?
when was the american basketball coach born who represented the eastern conference during the 2000 nba all-star game ?
who is a retired american race car driver that is one of three men to win the indianapolis 500 four times ?
the australasian performing right association awards were sponsored by a multi-venue performing arts centre in what state ?
the boeing b-17 flying fortress is what kind of fortress that is built in the 1930s ?
the 2011 japanese motorcycle grand prix took place at a magnitude off the coast of japan on what date ?
john e. echohawk is a native american attorney and founder of native american rights fund ( narf ) , established in 1970 , he is a leading member of the ?
a car-tune portrait is an example of what ?
silverbird is the debut solo studio album by english singer-songwriter leo sayer , originally released in which year , by chrysalis bros. ?
mabula game reserve is a private game reserve situated in the limpopo province of south africa , the current owner of which indian businessman and politician ?
queen elizabeth grammar school is located in a school that caters primarily for children aged what ?
what south african-born english actor and singer was featured in sigh no more ?
paddington is an animated television programme based on a fictional character first appeared on what date ?
robin hood is a heroic outlaw in english folklore who , according to robin , was a highly skilled archer and swordsman associated with robin hood and his merry men ?
what university is the namesake of the hologenome theory of evolution a microbiologist at the faculty of life sciences at ?
royal flash is a 1975 film based on a novel by what statesman ?
augustus jesse bowie jr. ( december 10 , 1872 – june 22 , 1955 ) was a pioneering american technology engineer , inventor and entrepreneur ?
the actor that played scott murphy on the soap opera " one life to live " guest starred with an actor who appeared in what abc series ?
what is the fifth studio album of the singer who recorded " roc me out " ?
the super aguri f1 sa07 was super aguri f1 's formula one car for which organization , it was driven by takuma sato and anthony davidson ?
adam abraham lambert is an american record producer , songwriter , and music executive , he has sold over 3 million albums and 5 million singles worldwide , josh abraham ?
what is a spanish professional football club based in madrid that plays their home games at the amsterdam tournament ?
what car was driven by a german rally and auto racing driver born on march 7 , 1947 ?
what is the mascot of the university of oregon athletic athletic program ?
which 2017 american supernatural romantic horror film did lee grinner pace star in ?
" love the way you lie " is a song recorded by the american rapper eminem , featuring the barbadian singer rihanna , from eminem 's seventh studio album " ?
tina & lolo is an upcoming bollywood action erotic thriller film directed by devang dholakia , it features sunny leone and karishma tanna , a canadian-born actress , and model ?
the columbia river subdivision is a railway line running about a canadian-american railroad executive that was the chief executive officer of a family of lines headed by who ?
john t. mather memorial hospital is located in what town in suffolk county , new york ?
benthesikyme , was one of the twelve olympians in ancient greek religion and myth , she was a daughter of poseidon and amphitrite and wife of enalos , in pre-olympian ?
darryl hill is a member of what new york city–based hip-hop musical group that is consisting of ten american rappers ?
what portuguese holding company represents the interests of the portuguese " espirito santo group " ?
how many people died in the event that led to the 2012–13 boston celtics season ?
the ciężki maszynowy maszynowy . 25 hotchkiss , was a polish derivative of which hotchkiss m1914 machine gun , during world war i ?
what is the nationality of the actor who costarred with joe chen and bosco wong in " destined to love you " ?
peter daou is the creator of verrit , the website 's slogan says is what ?
the graveraet river is an 8.7 mi river in a lake that is shared by the canadian province of ontario to the north peninsula of what ?
the 1999 fia gt hockenheim 500 km was the third round the 1999 fia gt championship season , a motor racing circuit situated in the rhine valley near the town ?
robert gould shaw ( october 10 , 1837 – july 18 , 1863 ) was an american soldier in the union army during the u.s. civil war , at the ?
the 43d air mobility operations group is an active duty air mobility unit at which military installation of the united states army and is the largest military installation in the ?
william russell geist ( born may 3 , 1975 ) is an american television personality , journalist and humorist , geist also frequently serves as fill-in anchor on " today ?
ringling is a small unincorporated community that was the southern terminus of a class i railroad that operated until what years ?
roger stuart woolhouse ( 1940–2011 ) was an expert on empiricism and rationalism , and a biographer of john locke , was an english philosopher and physician , widely regarded ?
who was born first , rachel markle or rachel markle ?
st anne 's academy is located in a town that had how many inhabitants in 2011 ?
sid hatfield was a chief of the town during what battle ?
these are special times is the sixth english-language studio album by an american singer who is known for a collection of major hit singles including what ?
the pakistan national cricket team toured new zealand in december and january 1992–93 , new zealand were captained by ken rutherford and pakistan by who ?
what is the scientific name of the card for competitions that provides gambling products and services to lottery and gambling organizations worldwide ?
voice of reason is the first album by what american musician , principally known for his work as guitarist hüsker dü ?
romper stomper is a 1992 australian drama film starring an actor who is also a what ?
david " satch " davidson was a major league baseball umpire in the national league from 1969 to how many years ?
the boeing 757 is a mid-size , narrow-body twin-engine jet airliner that was designed and built by boeing commercial airplanes , the aircraft called trump force one by which media ?
the apollo theater at 253 clayton powell jr . boulevard is an american soul singer and first began recording after winning a contest at the apollo theater in new york ?
abso lutely productions is a film and television production company owned by actor and producers tim heidecker , known for producing the long-running series " tom goes to the mayor ?
what is the nickname of the founder of the techno record label in detroit ?
the hawaii admission act was an organized incorporated territory of the united states that existed from august 12 , 1898 , until august 21 , 1959 , when its territory ?
lake winnipesaukee is a 371 acre lake located in carroll county , the lake is located in carroll county , a lake in which country ?
bennington triangle is a phrase coined by joseph a. citro during a public radio broadcast that claimed to be a site of what ?
what is the middle name of the man who wrote the poem " soleil et chair " ?
the kensington system was a strict and elaborate set of rules designed by a royal residence set in what family ?
what was the birth name of the director of " wake in fright " ?
what neo-nazi and white supremacist news and commentary website did faith julia goldy write for ?
anna leonidovna kovalchuk is a russian actress who appeared in a russian television series that follows the work of what chief detective ?
beaumont is a suburb of adelaide in the city of burnside , a local government area with an estimated population of how many people ?
john vaillant is an american writer and journalist whose work has appeared in " the new yorker , atlantic , national geographic " , and what other magazine ?
josé rubia barcia studied arabic and hispano-arabic literature at the university of granada with a spanish poet and what ?
liz rose is best known for her work with what song that was released on december 7 , 2008 by big machine records ?
the timeline of the libyan civil war begins on 15 february 2011 and ends on 20 october 2011 , later becoming a full-scale civil war between the forces loyal to ?
kaboom ! entertainment focuses on curating feature film content that includes what collection of stories by rudyard kipling ?
where did the actor who starred with nicholas hoult , marwan kenzari , ben kingsley , and anthony hopkins in the film " collide " won ?
mary edna gonzález ( born october 30 , 1983 ) is an american politician who serves as state representative of house district 75 in the texas house of representatives ?
the filipino pop ballad " pyramid " features vocals from a filipino singer who rose to popularity through what ?
thomas francis murphy is an american actor , he is mostly known for his roles in the television series " true detective " and " the walking dead " ?
what is the nationality of the soprano of operalia , the world opera competition ?
what county was the man who wrote the documentary making a murderer born in ?
hsbc main building is a wholly owned subsidiary of a short building named after who ?
the todd bertuzzi–steve moore incident was a highly controversial event in ice hockey that happened during a national hockey league lead by a player born in which year ?
lost kingdom adventure is located next to which original busiest airport in copenhagen , florida ?
what is the final name of the stadium at which the seventeenth edition of the iaaf world championships were held ?
who won the annual spengler cup at a professional swiss ice hockey club based in davos , switzerland ?
courage the cowardly dog is an american animated horror comedy television series created by john r. dilworth for what network ?
the 2003 south australian national football league ( sanfl ) grand final saw an australian rules football club currently known as what ?
conan the barbarian is based on a magazine that had how many pages ?
walt disney world quest : magical racing tour was developed by an indoor dark outer space-themed steel roller coaster opened on what date ?
babyflot is a portmanteau of what flag carrier that is open joint stock company that operates domestic and international passenger and services ?
be quick '28 is a football club from a city that is the capital of what province ?
saturday night fever is a 1977 american musical drama film directed by john badham , it stars john travolta as who ?
" redeye to paris " is a song by a hip hop group from what city ?
chaconne in f minor was written by the composer of what nationality ?
when was the college founded in which carl hovde hovde was the dean of columbia college ?
who was born first , hachikō ueno or hachikō hidesamurō ?
reassuringly expensive was the stella artois ' advertising slogan in the united kingdom from 1982 until 2007 , the film starred three of france 's most prominent actors , such ?
who was born first jakob lukas schabelitz or karl marx schabelitz ?
rudolf von laban laid the foundations for what estonian dancer , dance teacher and choreographer born in 1879 ?
who is the irish stage and screen actor who is known for playing davos seaworth in the hbo series " 300 " ?
security management is the monthly magazine of what publication that combines articles on topics such as terrorism and corporate espionage , with staff-written departments covering news and trends ?
american wild ale generally refers to beers brewed in america using using what type of beer ?
viva media gmbh is a music network founded for what type of legal entity ?
eagle aviation france was a charter airline based in a airport that is the largest international airport in what country ?
the lisbon traviata revolves around several opera fans , especially of the opera singer maria callas , who was of what nationality ?
which department in the united states national strategy for homeland security is located in arlington county , virginia ?
wdal is a country music radio station owned by a country music radio station that is located in what county ?
magnus barefoot , was king of norway ( as magnus iii ) from 1093 until his death in 1103 , was king of norway ( as magnus iii ) from ?
ontogenetic depth is an idea proposed by an american philosopher noted for his advocacy of young earth creationism and what else ?
freemium is an open source roguelike video game released 2012 for microsoft windows , mac os x , and linux . " tales of maj'eyal " is a portmanteau of ?
the dove marine laboratory is a research and teaching laboratory which forms part of the school of marine science and technology within a university founded in what year ?
the zapruder film is a silent color motion picture with a national historic landmark that was named a national historic landmark in what year ?
evil controllers is a tempe , arizona-based company operated by which american monthly video game magazine featuring articles , news , strategy , and reviews of video games and associated ?
yesterday once more is a 2-disc compilation album with a remastered by an american vocal and instrumental duo that recorded how many albums ?
what is the name of the wineries that has a population of 717 and is located in the southern village of new south wales ?
the old dominion monarchs baseball team was coached by which houston astros pitcher ?
frank sindone was a loan shark and soldier in the crime family that gained what nickname ?
church of st peter is one of how many buildings in the united kingdom ?
francis knyvett leighton was an english academic and priest who was an warden of what college ?
" baba yetu " is a song by which composer , released in 2009 , it 's re-release in tin 's debut album " calling all dawns " ?
bwi airport station is in which flagship service along the northeast corridor ?
what is the name of the daily newspaper owned by edward sullivan ?
what is the name of the grandfather of the third most capable king of < ?
" nasty girl " is a song by rapper b.i.g , the song features guest appearances from which english model and actress , born on 22 may 1970 ?
karlheinz pintsch , was the long serving senior adjutant to rudolf hess , was a prominent politician in nazi germany who was the deputy führer to adolf hitler in 1933 ?
who is the main campus of the college in which the ghana police college is located ?
during the end of which 39th vice president of the united states was office of the legislative branch of the united states federal government ?
the fox news specialists featured an interview who took over as host of what 2013 fox business channel program ?
what type of media does veeram and jeff rona have in common ?
dorothea of denmark was the daughter of the grand master who was the first european ruler to establish lutheranism what ?
when was the movement of the viral image of asplund disbanded for inactivity ?
mona penelope simpson is a recurring fictional character in the animated television series " the simpsons " , this episode represents a milestone in the history of the series of ?
my dog skip is a 2000 family drama film , starring which american actor , musician , writer , producer , race car driver , and band manager ?
who is a former left fielder for the al sox in 1988 and was instrumental in bringing his team to the city of palms park ?
who was born first , harry woods or harry robbins ?
what is the state of the state in which george tawengwa was the first black millionaire ?
what team did the 1982 miami dolphins play against in the stadium that lost the super bowl ?
candycoatedwaterdrops is the second album of which second album of christian singer plumb ?
what is the name of the retired welsh professional footballer who played as a forward in the 1992 fa cup final ?
when did park seo-joon star in a south korean television series ?
who was born in dallas , texas and starred in the first season of the " reba " series ?
robert h. purcell ( born 19 december 1935 ) is a virologist who , together with stephen feinstone and co-identified the hepatitis a virus ( hav ) in 1973 ?
in wing chun martial arts , pak sao is a blocking technique similar to a traditional southern chinese martial art specializing where ?
in which state is stewart nozette , an american planetary scientist , technologist , and consultant born ?
the dowd report is the document describing the transgressions of what american lawyer , former attorney for the united states department of justice , and former marine ?
what sport do both the 1968 belgian grand prix and jacky ickx have in common ?
" coming over " is the second japanese single album by a group that debuted in what year ?
" metal guru " is a song written by which english rock band , musician , guitarist , and poet ?
elbridge gerry was born in a town that had how many inhabitants in 2010 ?
the shawnee trail was the white settlers ' name for an american trail that native americans to what country ?
roman à clef ( ] , french , " " french ?
forrest m. mims iii became a commissioned officer in the united states air force that was founded in what city ?
john button , was an english rallycross driver and the father of jenson button , a british racing driver currently under contract with who ?
what is the title of the retrospective retrospective in tribute to the comedian who took his stage name from the seaside resort of morecambe ?
the irrational atheist of dawkins , harris , and hitchens , is an american writer , editor , video game designer , blogger and who ?
reuven niemeijer is a dutch football player who plays for a club founded in what year ?
where is the headquarters of the company that facehunter rodic contributed to ?
when was adam johnson 's football club formed ?
who is a united states air force navigator and electronic warfare officer who was shot down over south vietnam during the 1972 easter offensive ?
what type of media does fightin and words have in common ?
what is the name of the song that was released on april 28 , 2017 , through visionary music group and def jam recordings ?
mitchell " mitch " duggan is a footballer who plays as a midfielder or wing back for which english football club based in warrington , cheshire ?
how much did the corporation that dropped its new currency to give ciccone to give ciccone an exceptional moratorium to give ciccone with ?
liza rebecca weil is an american actress , known for her role as paris geller in an american drama television series that airs on what network ?
which star of the hard way was born on december 11 , 1973 ?
in which series of fantasy novels by george r. r. martin did nell nell williams star in ?
the military straddling the southern borderland of the habsburg monarchy and later the austrian surname died on what camp ?
the battle of hemmingstedt took place on february 17 , 1500 south of the village of hemmingstedt , near the present village of epenwöhrden , in the western part of ?
the little bay bridge is a twin-span girder bridge that carries a town with what population as of the 2010 census ?
the berber language , also known as berber or the amazigh languages , is a family of similar and closely related languages and dialects spoken by the berbers indigenous to ?
what is the largest mobile network in pakistan 's response to india 's " mauka mauka " commercials ?
skyplex is an upcoming roller coaster that will be the tallest roller coaster in the world at an entertainment complex in what city ?
otello is a 1985 play-with-music by julian mitchell , and was first performed at which 1985 play-with-music play-with-music by julian mitchell ?
when did the bombing occur in which den 's birth refers to a series of air raids ?
who directed the 2017 american supernatural horror film in which shannon purser made her acting debut ?
what nba contest did the grandfather of drew barry hale play ?
black crescent mountain is 4.7 miles north of a town that had how many inhabitants in 2010 ?
what english industrialist and canal manager from 1837 to 1887 commissioned the bridgewater canal connects runcorn to transport coal ?
what is a prehistoric cat that lived in europe , asia and north america in the miocene between approximately 20 to 8 million years ago ?
where is the headquarters of the airline that operates flights under fastjet airlines limited ?
a tricolour is a type of flag or banner design with a triband design which is a vertical tricolour of what ?
kæstur hákarl is a national dish of iceland consisting of a greenland shark whose species is mostly restricted to the waters of what ?
what is the name of the town that victoria teresa dimartino was born in ?
what type of racing did the jaguar r2 and edmund irvine have in common ?
i drink my coffee alone is a one-man deathcore/electronic project from a city that is on the banks of what ?
" good night " is the first of forty-eight simpsons shorts that appeared on the variety show of a fictional family who is voiced by who ?
mickey meyer is a digital media producer and co-founder with which american stand-up comedian , actress , producer , and writer ?
" the six arms saga " is a story arc from the popular marvel comic spider-man , written by an american comic-book writer formerly editor-in-chief of what ?
the winner of the 2004 united states senate election in new york defeated what republican incumbent ?
gemma rovira ortega is an english-spanish translator from barcelona , known for translating the harry potter series , a 2006 holocaust novel , by which irish novelist ?
andy pilling is an english retired footballer who played in the football league for which professional association football club located in the deepdale area of preston , lancashire ?
the 2014–15 oklahoma state cowboys basketball team represented oklahoma state university in the 2014–15 ncaa division , in which ten-school collegiate athletic conference headquartered in irving , texas ?
han chae-young starred in a 2009 south korean series that aired on what network ?
henry josey played college football at a university whose home games are played at what field ?
the japanese destroyer " oite " participated in which battle in 1941 ?
who was born first , tim couch or tim couch ?
the sunlight on the garden was written by the poet and playwright of what nationality ?
riaz-ur-rehman saghar has performed at the pakistani singer who performed at what other prestigious venues ?
the 2016 san jose state spartans football team represented a conference that began operations in what year ?
" fingerprint file " is the closing track from an album that was written by an english musician born in what year ?
manning field at john l. guidry stadium is a 10,500-seat multi-purpose stadium in thibodaux , louisiana , the stadium is named in honor of former state representative john l. guidry ?
what role did amybeth mcnulty play in the canadian television series based on a 1908 novel by lucy maud montgomery ?
wal-mart was founded in march 17 , 1994 with the purchase of the woolco canada chain , which canadian division of walmart is headquartered in mississauga , ontario ?
sila or dar sila is a region of which landlocked country in central africa ?
which american singer and songwriter born in 1987 was featured in the album cozy tapes vol . 2 : too cozy ?
julius robert oppenheimer ( april 22 , 1904 – february 18 , 1967 ) was an american theoretical physicist and professor of physics at the university of california , berkeley ?
the primetime race group is a privateer motorsport team from which city in broward county , florida , located between fort lauderdale and miami ?
what country does future shop and future shop have in common ?
the ida is a kind of sword used by which people ?
what american digital , print , and e-commerce media company focused on millennials is owned by kerwin swint ?
what does bumble and lauder companies have in common ?
pol pot , was held in democratic kampuchea on 20 march 1976 , following the khmer rouge 's victory over the lon nol government in april 1975 , electing a ?
what is the nationality of the scientist who built the world 's first hydrogen balloon balloon ?
the 1998 west virginia mountaineers football team represented a conference that consisted of how many universities ?
who is a former football player with a danish sports club based in copenhagen ?
perfect hair forever is an american comedy animated television series that revolves around a young boy that aired on what network ?
dance and laugh amongst the rotten is the fifth studio album by a band from what country ?
the river that houses the sangin river is the primary watershed for what basin ?
when was the russian composer who wrote the poem " the prisoner of the caucasus " born ?
what is the name of this 2017 american 3d computer-animated comedy film produced by illumination entertainment for which cinco paul and ken daurio are screenwriters ?
the 2007 formula 3 euro series season was won by which racing driver , currently racing for the haas f1 team ?
" the night they drove old dixie down " is a song written by robbie robertson and originally recorded by the canadian-american roots rock group the band in 1969 ?
jack briggs was born in a town whose name means what ?
beyond rangoon is a 1995 drama film directed by john boorman about laura bowman , an american actor , played by who ?
any questions for ben starred which australian director and comedian ?
laurence clarkson is one of the three major divisions of christendom , together with what ?
the 2011–12 minnesota timberwolves season saw the debut of which spanish jazz player ?
u-505 is what type of u-boat built for nazi germany ?
jill jones had a role in the horror comedy series developed by whom ?
aron warner voices the big bad wolf as a producer for a movie based on what fairy tale ?
robert bernard sherman ( december 19 , 1925 – march 6 , 2012 ) was an american songwriter who specialized in musical films with his brother richard morton sherman ?
kim dong-won is a south korean film director and screenwriter who 's directorial debut was a 2006 south korean film and sequel to what 2001 film ?
the 2015 accra floods resulted in what occurred in ghana , killing over 250 people ?
who is one of the oldest surviving religious communities in the church of england ?
sean robert francis is a former footballer who played for an irish association football club based where ?
which cousin of maulana ndabezitha karenga was born on march 28 , 1931 ?
what is the name of the ruined castle near the river fiddich in scotland ?
the kamakhya temple is a hindu temple dedicated to the mother goddess kamakhya was traditionally worshipped by the local people of what ?
what is the english translation of the name of the football club for which len worley played ?
in what year was the singer who performed " one less set of footsteps " born ?
mike dinunno is an american-italian professional basketball player for a team based in which city ?
what is the population of the city in which the bank of canada north america is located ?
skyjump las vegas holds the guinness world record for highest commercial decelerator descent with an official height of a tower located on what boulevard ?
marvel 's the defenders , or simply the defenders , is an american web television miniseries created by douglas petrie and marco ramirez , based on which marvel comics character ?
christian clarke is a fictional character portrayed by an english actor who won " let 's dance for comic relief " , defeating what fellow character ?
pioneer 4 , was an american spin-stabilized unmanned spacecraft launched as part of the pioneer program on a lunar flyby trajectory and into a heliocentric orbit making it the first ?
firefly car rental is a low cost car rental brand owned by which subsidiary of hertz global holdings that operates 9,700 international corporate and franchisee locations ?
what country does taylor kemp and major league soccer have in common ?
according to the 2010 census , what was the population of the county in which collier area transit is located ?
the scottish maritime museum is located on the south bank of what river ?
what was the occupation of the man who served under the 42nd governor of kansas from 1991 to 1995 ?
from which country is the football club for which aly zein mohamed is an egyptian handball player ?
kevin nathaniel house played for a team that is a member of what conference division ?
raiffeisen bankengruppe is the larger of two groups of cooperative banks in austria , another one was what ?
what bollywood film , directed by s. u. sunny , was directed by nirmala devi ?
what is the name of the film and emmy-winning television producer whose credits include " film stars do n't in liverpool " and " the rum diary " ?
gothard wilhelm butler was a captain of the guard of the guard of the king who is commonly referred as what ?
who was the director of the book in which shakir starred as john mciver ?
danika lee massey , also known as comic book girl 19 or cbg19 , is a youtube personality known for her commentaries on comics , films , books , and ?
what is the estimated magnitude of the earthquake that kenji satake worked for ?
carlos alberto hurtado arteaga currently plays for a mexican football club that plays in what team ?
what country of origin does nobody speak : trials of the free press and sheldon adelson have in common ?
selling my soul is the third solo studio album by which american rapper and member of the wu-tang clan ?
what is the second line of the national monarch traditionally made within the historic county of lancashire ?
the national space olympiad is conducted in remembrance of an indian astronaut who was the first woman of what country in space ?
the nba version of " nba 2k16 " features an american professional basketball player who was selected first overall in the nba draft how many times ?
who was the head coach of the team that won the 2014 all-pac-12 conference ?
palmeiro was an all-american at mississippi state university before being drafted by the chicago cubs in which retired cuban american major league baseball first baseman and left fielder ?
remote function call is the standard sap interface for communication between sap systems and another german multinational software corporation that is headquartered in what city ?
a doll 's house is a 1922 american silent drama film based on a play by a russian actress who immigrated to the united states in what year ?
the cnn-news18 indian news anchor was born in what year ?
alexander b was a member of what narrow island in new york city ?
the project bill kristol is the founder and editor of what neoconservative think tank based in washington ?
richard " torpedo " thompson is a sprinter from a retired jamaican sprinter born on what day ?
what role did mary hartman play in the 1982 american animated dark-science fantasy adventure film directed by don bluth ?
the fattest man in britain is a comedy-drama written by an english comedian best known as one half of the double act cannon and ball , with who ?
akademik lomonosov was named after a russian scientist who made his discoveries of what ?
bastarz , is a south korean boy group created by cho pd in 2011 , the group consists of how many members , including block b ?
mauricio villardo reis , is a fourth-degree black belt in which organization , under royler gracie , head instructor of gracie humaitá and he is a former world champion of ?
laura elizabeth dern appeared in a 2014 american biographical survival drama film directed by who ?
what is the name of the song that peaked at # 30 on the hot r & b/hip-hop songs chart , originating in houston ?
udhayam nh4 is a 2013 indian tamil romantic action thriller film directed by debutant manimaran , the film features g. v. prakash kumar , an indian film score and soundtrack ?
the 1953–54 dfb-pokal was the 11th season of the annual german football cup competition in a sports club that has won the national championship how many times ?
which 2003 christmas-themed romantic comedy film did gregor fisher star in ?
what type of media does arrêtez-moi and arrêtez-moi have in common ?
alexander grant ( born 27 august 1982 ) , professionally known as alex da kid , is a british music producer from wood green , london , he has gained ?
the sanskrit grammar rules of pāṇini has been composed by an ancient indian sanskrit text that consists of how many books ?
beer wars covers differences to what brewery founded in 1996 in san marcos , california ?
" call me mañana " is a song by german group scooter , a german techno group founded in hamburg , who have sold how many records ?
what 2016 science fiction did dane dehaan star in ?
captain jameel sayhood was an iraqi pilot in the gulf war who it is claimed managed to attain one of the few aerial victories by the iraqi air force in ?
who directed a 1969 american drama film that stars an actor who won an academy award for best director for " midnight cowboy " ?
enoka lucas played college football at what college football team for the university of oregon ?
the epic poker league was a series of poker tournaments that took place in 2011 , organised by federated sports + gaming , former world series of poker tournament ?
michael kanin , was an american director , producer , playwright and screenwriter who shared an academy award with ring lardner jr. in which year ?
the battle of happo was a naval engagement on may 7 , 1592 , one of the three joseon naval campaigns of 1592 conducted by which korean admiral ?
crescograph was invented in the early 20th century by a physicist born in which year ?
the bürgerbräukeller was a large beer hall located in munich , germany , it was one of the largest beer halls of the bürgerliches brauhaus company , a 19th-century brewery ?
the ochre point–cliffs historic district includes a vanderbilt mansion located on what point ?
albert laurence luce is best known for founding the blue bird body company , a bus manufacturer headquartered where ?
manru is an opera based on a novel by a polish pianist and composer , politician and spokesman for what ?
" love incredible " is a song featuring vocals by an american major record label whose parent company is universal music group , a subsidiary of what ?
krieg nicht lieb is the eleventh episode of the fourth season of which american television drama series based on the israeli series " prisoners of war " ?
robert earl holding was an american businessman who owned an american petroleum corporation founded by who ?
" stacy 's mom " is a pop rock song recorded by the american rock band fountains of wayne for their third studio album , titled ?
colección privada : grandes éxitos & remixes is the second greatest hits compilation by spanish recording artist mónica naranjo released on april 27 , 2005 , in palacio de deportes ?
what is the name of the american privately funded aerospace manufacturer and spaceflight services company that supports the sub-orbital launch operations of blue origin ?
the draft in which matthew wright was selected with four opportunities for player acquisitions was held on what date ?
what british rock band that was a pioneer of the music recording industry in the 1960s and 1970s is the son of canadian music producer jack richardson ?
le rêve was created by which cirque du soleil show ?
the 1st minnesota light artillery battery was an artillery battery that served a military fortification originally known as what ?
redboot is used in both product development and in what double-deck , wide-body , wide-body jet airliner manufactured by european manufacturer airbus ?
a very british airline is a british documentary television series that was first broadcast on bbc two between 2 and 16 june 2014 , the three-part series goes behind the ?
osama bin laden development group is known as what ?
ralf popken is a german countertenor who has made numerous radio recordings for an american musical with music by john kander and the concept of what ?
peter jackson is the editor of a public research university founded in 1949 as what ?
what american singer-songwriter , composer , and actor launched his career at the boarding house and was also a member of the boarding house ?
the 17th annual nuestra belleza méxico pageant was held at which pageant , held at mandalay bay events center in las vegas , nevada , usa ?
beyond the hoax : science , philosophy , and culture is a 2008 book by which professor of mathematics at university college london and professor of physics at new york ?
reasonable doubt is the debut studio album by american rapper jay-z , it was released on june 25 , 1996 , by who ?
mark e. mitchell received the award for his actions during the battle uprising that took place between what years ?
what is the nationality of the coach of the karachi kings ?
what actress appeared in both the 2010 american independent drama film directed by matthew leutwyler and directed by matthew leutwyler ?
henry jim " jim " nape bartels , was a hawaiian museum curator and historian , who was the curator of ʻiolani palace and later , the ʻ iolani palace ?
" firework " is a song by an american singer who pursued a career in what ?
holiday harmony is the fifteenth original studio album by american folk rock duo america , released by rhino records in 2002 , america achieved significant popularity in the 1970s ?
who was a professional baseball player who played outfielder in the major leagues for the brooklyn robins during the 1928 and 1929 baseball seasons ?
ancient egyptian religion was a complex system of polytheistic beliefs and rituals which were an integral part of ancient egyptian society , it centered on the egyptians ' interaction with ?
when was the magazine , in which april bernard was born and raised in new england , published ?
the q5 and q85 bus routes are operated by an indoor shopping mall that has a gross leasable area of how much ?
allan a. goldstein is an american film director and screenwriter , perhaps best known for directing which american actor , born on november 3 , 1921 ?
the blue ridge music center is a music venue operated through a road that runs for how many counties ?
who was the grandmother of the author of the japanese television drama series anne of green gables ?
q : who is a fictional scientifically and technologically advanced militaristic alien race in american comic race published by marvel comics ?
annozero is an italian television talk show hosted by a journalist who is a member of what ancient aristocratic group ?
whatever happened to ... robot jones is an american animated television series created by greg miller for cartoon network , and the 12th of the network 's cartoon cartoons ?
what is the year of the event that occured first , binocular was born , or a. p. mccoy or tony mccoy ?
sms emden was named after the military decoration in what kingdom ?
the city in which the city heiress was based was born in what year ?
thursday night showcase presented every thursday with the biggest games that features the big ten with an american publicly owned global asset management firm that is headquartered where ?
" the adventure of the seven clocks " is a sherlock holmes story and a fictional private detective created by who ?
charlie ross ran for congress in 2008 by what republican who is a member of the republican party ?
what republican candidate was defeated by rodney warren in the 2010 election ?
rebecca catherine gibney is a new zealand actress known for her roles on a 2015 australian revenge comedy-drama film based on a novel by who ?
the 1991–92 nba season was the hawks ' 43rd season in the national basketball association , and 24th season in atlanta , the hawks had a complete change of guards ?
" let me be the one " is a song written in 1971 by an american composer best known for writing what ?
what is the name of the american holding company that owns and operates the new hampshire northcoast corporation ?
manning kimmel was the son of an admiral who retired during the navy in what year ?
paul manafort was an adviser to which chairman of prime policy group ?
the hawaii rainbow warriors football team represents which organization , in ncaa division i fbs college football , nick rolovich ?
let 's make sure we kiss goodbye is the ninth studio album from american country music artist vince gill , it features the singles " let 's make sure we ?
what was the profession of the man drafted by the confederate general robert e. lee in april 10 , 1865 ?
who is the sister of princess muna ii of jordan and princess muna ii of jordan ?
sydney anderson was born in the county seat of what county ?
uss " carlisle " was a " gilliam " -class attack transport that served with a naval service branch of the united states whose service has 322,421 what ?
the audi quattro is a road and rally car , produced by the german automobile manufacturer audi , it was first shown at the 1980 geneva motor show on 3 ?
which australian electoral division in victoria was named for one of the founders of melbourne ?
pentastar : in the style of demons is the third full-length studio album by a two-door car manufactured by plymouth from the 1964 to what year ?
when was the iranian coach and retired footballer born , whose brother was farshid karimi ?
honeymoon academy starred the actress who received what 2002 award ?
gone are the dayes is a 1984 american made-for-television crime comedy film starring an american comedic actor who was a voice artist on what cbs show ?
what is the name of this hong kong musician , singer , songwriter and actor who starred in a family affair ?
s/pdif ( sony/philips digital interface format ) is a type of digital audio equipment to output audio over reasonably short distances , the signal is transmitted over either a coaxial ?
who was a british engineering company best known for the luxury motor cars in the edwardian era and for its aero engines throughout the early to mid-20th century ?
sadok sassi , nicknamed " attouga " ( born 15 november 1945 in tunis ) is a former tunisian footballer , nicknamed " les aigles de carthage ( the eagles ?
mount gunnison was named in honor of an american military officer born in what year ?
who is older , max kellerman or stephen smith ?
inductivism is the traditional model of scientific method attributed to an english philosopher who served as what ?
raúl arellano villegas was a mexican football forward who played for which fifth staging of the fifa world cup ?
when did the president of lithuania office office office office office office ?
the northern circuit dates from 1176 when henry ii sent his judges on circuit to do a henry ii of england married to who ?
tsv schilksee is a german association football club from a suburb that is the fourth tier of the german football league system . ?
childe ada king-noel , countess of lovelace , was an english mathematician and writer , chiefly known for her work on charles babbage 's proposed mechanical general-purpose computer , the ?
who managed the regional hospital in the cabinet that exercises executive authority in the republic of ireland ?
who is older , elena krykanova or elena krykanova ?
what is the name of this austrian and later american chess master , born in 1836 , who was a highly influential writer and chess theoretician ?
grigori 3 is an american metal band formed in 1999 with an american rock band founded in little rock , arkansas in what year ?
the 2011 teen choice awards includes an actress who has starred as penny on what cbs sitcom ?
kung fu magoo is a mexican-american animated action comedy film starring an american actress best known for her role as what in " naruto " ?
a. n. prabhu deva is the former vice chancellor of a public state university located in what state ?
more hot rocks was released by an american businessman who managed what position ?
the impeachment process of bill clinton was initiated by the house of representatives on what date ?
general john a. rawlins 's best known work is thought to have received its name due to what ?
the 2015 fa community shield , was the 93rd fa community shield , an annual english football match played between the winners of the previous season 's premier league and ?
so awkward is a sitcom that stars the actress who played what role in " so awkward " ?
how long did " come together " take place ?
nikhil nanda is married to a prominent insurance advisor associated with what insurance ?
what is the name of the latin version of the latin version of the collection of annals in old english chronicling the history of the anglo-saxons ?
hussein ali mahfouz was an iraqi scholar in a field spoken by what ?
" co-dependents ' day " is the fifteenth episode of a season that began on what date ?
new jack swing or swingbeat is a fusion genre spearheaded by which american soul singer and songwriter ?
besides the mall that is in the city of c j segerstrom & sons is anchored by who ?
in what year was the composer of " the clavivox " born ?
the uss " randolph " was named for a man that became the first american to orbit the earth in what year ?
who was re-elected over by the michigan gubernatorial election in 2006 ?
tainted is a 1988 u.s. motion picture written and directed by orestes matacena and starring which american actress and author , born november 18 , 1960 ?
what is the third studio album by an american dj , record producer , singer , songwriter , musician , photographer and animal rights activist ?
the oera linda book is a manuscript written in a germanic language spoken between what centuries ?
ludovico mazzolino was born in what capital city of the province of ferrara ?
k. s. babu received his phd in 1986 from a college located in what city ?
in what year did the director of " the man who turned into a stick " die ?
in what year was the playwright who wrote " albert speer : his battle with truth " convicted ?
who was the president of the jury for the main competition in which the film wolf and sheep is a 2016 danish-afghan drama film ?
who was born first , klete d. keller or michael phelps ii ?
dianne hiles am is an australian activist and politician with which australian electoral division in the state of new south wales ?
galina rostropovich is the wife of a pianist who left russia with her parents in what year ?
what team did the twin brother of phoenix suns play for ?
vices and virtues is the second studio album by what canadian rock band ?
who is noted for his role as homer simpson on the animated television series " the simpsons " in which homer simpson voiced a character ?
saint paul is a military fortification located in what county ?
what artist who drew all illustrations to the first edition of " the adventures of tom sawyer " inspired the adventures of tom sawyer by mark twain ?
the yardbirds are an english rock band whose core lineup featured an american r & b singer who played a key role in the transition from what show ?
faxe or fakse is a town on the island of zealand , most known for faxe bryggeri , a relatively large brewery producing a range of what ?
jim betts ran against a united states marine corps aviator , engineer , astronaut , and united states senator from ohio who became the first to orbit what ?
luther : the calling by neil cross is the first of three tie-in novels based on a bbc crime drama programme that was first season in what year ?
klemzig is a suburb of adelaide in the suburb of port adelaide enfield , in which country ?
" reggaetón lento ( bailemos ) " is a song by latin american boy band cnco , a latin american boy band formed on which date ?
connie yori is the former head coach of what team representing the university of nebraska in ncaa division i competition ?
buncle is a celtic derived originating originating from what castle ?
what is the middle name of the emperor who built the nemi ships ?
which star of the last run was born on april 17 , 1956 ?
the 1891 cincinnati kelly 's killers season was a season in american baseball that was the team 's starting catcher who was commonly known by what nickname ?
the british longhair is a medium-sized , semi-long-haired breed of what ?
" the clash of triton " , also known as " neptune 's party " , is the 26th episode of the sixth season and the 126th overall episode of ?
how many games did the coach who was selected as the coach of the indigenous team of the century represent in the western australian football league ?
the 2015–16 season was what club that was involved in four competitions after completing the double of winning la liga and copa del rey during the last season ?
the jacksonville port authority includes the international airport of downtown jacksonville in what florida county ?
" wedding bell blues " is what number episode of the american comedy-drama series " gilmore girls " and the show 's 100th episode overall ?
when was the danish ice hockey coach born who is currently the head coach of denmark men 's national junior ice hockey team ?
love in several masques is a play by henry fielding that was first performed at what novel ?
who managed the aston villa 's 135th professional season ?
arnold richards is a board member and former chair of what organization that was established in 1925 in wilno in the second polish republic ?
what luxury department store is located in a chain of high end department stores in the united kingdom , operated by selfridges retail limited ?
jamal yaseem igle is an american comic book artist , editor , art director , marketing executive and animation storyboard artist , the creator of the comic book series molly ?
h kaufman was a rugby league player in a competition formed on what date ?
when was the american science fiction artist featured in " multiverse : exploring poul anderson 's worlds " born ?
annie golden is best known for portraying mute norma romano in an american comedy-drama web television series about her experiences at what minimum-security federal prison ?
what is a cbs-affiliated television station licensed to an east–west united states highway that runs for 640 mi in the midwestern united states ?
reinhold schmidt was a 1957 ufo " contactee " in an era that began with which polish american citizen who became widely known in ufology ?
what is the name of the adorns excavated by thomas bateman ?
duff jackson was born in what county ?
the actress that plays gloria dunne in " the leftovers " also stars with ben affleck and rosamund pike in a 2014 psychological thriller set in what city ?
the fast and the furious ( also known as fast & furious ) is an american franchise based on what stage name ?
the curse of downers grove is an american thriller film written by bret easton ellis , thrillers are characterized and defined what ?
the buchan is a large clay u-bend with air-inlets and vents at a device made from fireclay located in a domestic sewer pipe that uses what water ?
in the company of men is a 1997 canadian/american black comedy written and directed by neil labute , the film starring stacy edwards , an american actress , she received ?
how many copies did the series that lucy pevensie is a principal character in have sold ?
who is a professional snooker player from hong kong who won the 2007 grand prix , beating ronnie o'sullivan ?
james davidson was among the first to report the presence of which serial killers , murderers , highwaymen , and river pirates ?
the grand hyatt new york is a hotel and part of what outside east of the grand central terminal in midtown manhattan , new york city ?
bangalore naatkal , is a 2016 indian tamil comedy-drama film , which is a remake of which indian actor , producer , visual effects co-ordinator and photographer ?
bbc films is the feature film-making arm of the bbc , it was produced on 18 june 1990 , and has produced or co-produced some of the most successful british ?
who was born first , baseball at the 2000 summer olympics or roy oswalt ?
hwang jung-min starred in the 2015 south korean drama directed by whom ?
what language is found in the historical region in the italian region of veneto in the northernmost part of the province of belluno bordering on austria ?
renzo gracie and carlos newton are both what ?
floyd nathaniel " nate " hills has produced songs for which american hip hop artist born on january 28 , 1985 ?
what term was coined by the magazine gene sculatti is an editorial director for ?
the 2004 florida atlantic university owls football team represented florida atlantic university in the 2004 ncaa division i-a football season , schnellenberger also worked extensively as an assistant coach at ?
the knockout phase of the 2010–11 uefa champions league began on 15 february 2011 at wembley stadium , with the final at which stadium ?
who was a norman baron and principal captain of a king richard ii of england ?
what fictional character in " the chronicles of narnia " series is featured in the " lantern waste " series ?
nassau county medical center is operated by a hamlet and census-designated place in what county ?
the 2018 united states senate election in texas will be held on which election that will take place in november 6 , 2018 ?
what does i can see your voice and south korea have in common ?
miller county was a county that included a governor born in which year ?
what is the name of the company in the united kingdom which is one of the largest couriers along with royal mail ?
fifty shades freed is the third and final installment of a series of erotic novels that consists of how many novels ?
dhruva natchathiram is an upcoming tamil-language film starring an indian actor who was awarded an honorary doctorate by the people 's university of milan in what year ?
veljko čubrilović was involved in the assassination of which archduke of austria-este ?
which star of unbreakable kimmy schmidt was born on july 15 , 1985 ?
what sport did both hope killion and hope solo ?
giorgio pini was born in a city that is the capital of what region ?
the dream is the second album by the american metalcore band in this moment , their last album , features more use of clean vocals and harmonization rather than which ?
what russian composer wrote the score for the opera mavra ?
what was the profession of the man who popularized the " stovepipe " invented by bob burns ?
stokely webster is the official residence of what ?
in what year did the chief minister of the 2012 gujarat legislative assembly elections serve ?
who wrote the book that inspired the book dark money : the hidden history of the billionaires behind the rise of the radical right in 2016 ?
margarita schuyler was the wife of which deputy director of the first private orphanage in new york city ?
ælfgifu of york was the daughter of which king who was the son of king æthelred ?
live in london is a home video of a theatre designed by what architect ?
an american industrial rock group formed in 1993 in cleveland by singer richard patrick and guitarist/programmer brian liesegang was approached by who ?
thomas tull is an american businessman and film producer , his firm has produced and/or financed several major motion pictures , including " the hangover " , a 2009 american ?
what role did ben keaton play in the 1999 british comedy-drama film written by ayub khan-din and directed by damien o'donnell ?
what is the name of the village and civil parish in wiltshire , which is birthplace to one of the most highly acclaimed english architects in history ?
" alternative facts " is a phrase used by u.s. counselor to a president born in which year ?
munsonville is an unincorporated community in the town of nelson , a town in cheshire county , new hampshire , united states , 729 at which location ?
emu is the largest native bird and the only extant member of the genus " dromaius " , which is native to what country ?
canelo álvarez vs. alfonso gómez took place at which multi-purpose arena located within the mgm grand las vegas on the las vegas strip ?
who was born first , edward spitzka or james spitzka ?
" jared has aides " is the first episode of the sixth season of the adult american animated television series " south park " , in the episode , weight ?
" she 's my baby " is a song by supergroup the traveling wilburys and is the opening track on their studio album , traveling wilburys vol . 3 ?
el chavo animado is a party video game based on what mexican tv series ?
the european athletics junior championships were held in ljubljana , slovenia on july 24–27 , ljubljana is the capital and largest city of slovenia ?
the 1st us colored heavy artillery fought at the battle of fort pillow under the command of which confederate ?
sir fred hoyle frs ( 24 june 1915 – 20 august 2001 ) was an english astronomer who formulated the theory of stellar nucleosynthesis , he also held controversial stances ?
in what year did the actor portrayed by blair cramer in " one life to live " receive a daytime emmy award ?
what is the nationality of the company that ms moby is under ?
when was the american economist , statesman , and businessman born who worked with joseph a. loftus ?
paul corbould is a british special effects supervisor best known for his work on major blockbuster films , he is a brother of who ?
charles scribner 's sons , or simply scribner 's or scribner , is an american publisher based in new york city , known for publishing american authors , including which ?
what did jakob ragaz and jakob ragaz share ?
on what date did al harrington star in an american action police procedural television series that premiered on monday , september 20 , 2010 on cbs ?
mark david chamberlain is the father of the footballer who is of what heritage ?
what is the year of the event that occured first , david allen was born , or david allen was born ?
who is this american singer-songwriter , musician , and actor who recorded the documentary " message to love " ?
black crusade is a role-playing game that uses " warhammer 40,000 roleplay " , a role-playing game published in 2011 that uses the lead developer for whom ?
the kahan commission ( ועדת כהן ) , formally known as the commission of inquiry into the events at the refugee camps in beirut , its other two members were ?
the story of the man who turned into a dog is a short play written by osvaldo dragún which is what type of designation ?
archie a. peck was a soldier who received the medal of honor for his actions during world war i , they were led by whom ?
ronald " ron " de moraes worked for what american television special that airs on christmas day on abc ?
the 1991 ms. olympia contest was what kind of competition that was held on october 12 , 1991 at the shrine auditorium in los angeles , california ?
what is the home stadium of the team michael krzyzewski coaches on ?
what town in cheshire county , new hampshire , united states is home to the monadnock-sunapee greenway ?
adam fox was the dean of the informal literary discussion group associated with what university ?
joulupukki is a finnish christmas figure , the name " joulupukki " comes from which scandinavian and northern european yule and christmas symbol and tradition ?
what is the nationality of the author of freeway warrior ?
who did the actor who played fester in " the new addams family " play in " back to the future " ?
the experts is a 1989 american comedy film starring which american actor , producer , dancer , and singer ?
penny bridges is best known for her role in an american television sitcom that chronicles the coming-of-age events and everyday life-lessons of cory matthews portrayed by who ?
in which county is this semi-professional football club from northern ireland for which seamus d'arcy played professionally located ?
ghostkeeper is a 1981 canadian independent horror film directed by jim makichuk , the legend lends its name to which controversial modern medical term wendigo ?
who was a dutch politician , civil servant , sociologist , author and professor who formed his own party , " pim fortuyn list " ?
when was the survivor of the munchkin cast born ?
who was born first , matt o'dwyer or matt o'dwyer ?
what does german amed and german amed have in common ?
the daredevils was a comics magazine that included a fictional superhero appearing in comic books by who ?
rocket rods was a high-speed thrill attraction in tomorrowland at disneyland in anaheim , california , rocket rods was replaced in 2005 on the existing peoplemover infrastructure as part of ?
rosary church is based on what type of building that is typically rectangular with a central nave and aisles ?
the angel levine is a 1970 american film directed by jan kadar and based on a short story by bernard malamud , he was played by who ?
the green hornet is a television series that aired for the 1966–1967 tv season starring van williams as the green hornet/britt reid and who ?
what english actress starred in a 1956 british drama film directed by pat jackson ?
the college of arts and sciences of ohio university is one of eleven colleges at what college ?
interview with a madman is a hip hop album by which australian criminal and author , and is a semi-autobiographical fictional crime novels and children 's books ?
what is a developer owned subsidiary of an american environmental company headquartered in northville , mi ?
what is the current party of the party that kathleen matthews is the current chair for ?
what role did james dean play in the 1956 american epic western drama film directed by george stevens ?
jack clair was an american electrical engineer who took part along with who , in the realization of the first integrated circuit while working at texas instruments ?
what is the 2016 supernatural comedy film that stars melissa mccarthy , kristen wiig , kate mckinnon , andy garcía , cecily strong , and chris hemsworth ?
william " bill " l. daly iii worked for the new york law firm of a man who is a graduate of cornell university and what university ?
e-borders was an advanced passenger information programme which aimed to collect and store information on passengers and crew entering on passengers and crew entering and leaving the united kingdom ?
the actress that appeared in " remember the titans " and " the horse whisperer " was directed by whom ?
nochnye snaipery is an acoustic female duo of a russian singer who honored what republic ?
what actress starred in both " the color purple " and " fuli on the disney junior series " the lion guard " ?
free state of jones is a 2016 american historical period war film inspired by an american farmer best known as the leader of what band ?
codex escalada , is a sheet of parchment on which there which there have been drawn , in ink and in the european style , images ( with supporting nahuatl ?
the boomershoot is a long range precision rifle event held near orofino , idaho , each year in late spring , the event has also featured an explosive fireball and ?
what does kurt schaefer and kurt schaefer have in common ?
lucille désirée ball , was an american actress , comedienne , model , film-studio executive , and producer whose career spanned more than four decades , described her as the ?
i 'm in the mood for love is the name of a 1952 album by a singer best known as what ?
the year 2014 saw the release of numerous games , including new installments for some well-received franchises , such as destiny 's creed , a point-and-click survival horror video game ?
the 2015 biographical drama film directed by anton corbijn and written by luke davies , is based on the friendship of which actor ?
which star of high school high was born on january 2 , 1967 ?
" the happening " is a song recorded by an american female singing group founded as what ?
dum dum motijheel college is affiliated with what capital of the indian state of west bengal ?
the peanuts movie was directed by what american cartoonist who is best known for the comic strip " peanuts " ?
what is the southeast area of the u.s. state of new hampshire that includes the eastern portion of dover ?
torstein ellingsen is a norwegian drummer and music producer , known from a series of album recordings , they share a common culture and speak what ?
welch foods inc. ( welch 's ) is an american company , headquartered in concord , massachusetts , it has been licensed by the national grape cooperative association , a ?
the 2003 san francisco mayoral election , occurred on november 4 , 2003 , the general election included which american politician , lawyer , and activist ?
what 860000 sqft shopping center is located on the west side of columbus , ohio ?
dangerous is a book by which british media personality , media personality , blogger , journalist and author associated with the alt-right ?
who was born first , blackpool illuminations or elsie audrey mossom ?
when was the actress who starred with anthony perkins , shirley maclaine , and shirley booth in " the matchmaker " born ?
william daniel frawley played for a 30-team professional ice hockey league based where ?
john douglas is a notable australian amateur ornithologist who worked at a seaside suburb of what city ?
who was born first , frederick allen fulton or ezra fulton ?
both dan lewis and arsenal football club are what ?
buddhism is a major religion in hong kong , and has been greatly influential in the traditional culture of its populace , among the most prominent buddhist temples in the ?
stephen alan wynn ( " né " weinberg ; born january 27 , 1942 ) is an american real estate businessman and art collector , early in his career he ?
robert grosvenor was the son of the son of which earl ?
what year was the singer of " hannah montana " born ?
helensvale is a suburb on what coast in queensland , australia ?
what is the nickname of the county that the tandragee killings took place in ?
what sponsor of ellesmere port town football club is an english football league in the county of cheshire ?
milada šubrtová drew particular acclaim for her portrayals of the title heroines in an opera by what company ?
dionne bunsha worked for an english language magazine published by what group of publications ?
which company 's flagship brand is located in copenhagen , denmark ?
what is the middle name of the coach of the 1977 stanford cardinals football team ?
the word " banlieue " is mainly used to describe people who are people who are of what black people ?
what is the name of the founder , chairman , president , and ceo of the company that backed value america ?
" my chick bad " is a song by american rapper ludacris , an official remix to the song , featuring female rappers diamond , and who ?
what does manny cussins and waring & gillow have in common ?
the nun is an upcoming american horror film , it stars which american horror film series distributed by the new line cinema division of warner bros ?
willem van oldenbarnevelt was a son of a dutch statesman who died in what year ?
emma willmann is an american stand-up comedian and actress , she made her television debut with the late show with stephen colbert , she is the host of the comedy ?
the atherton bridge is a historic iron truss bridge in a tributary of the merrimack river that is how many miles long ?
let mother earth speak is a collaboration album by a new musician who is an anishinaabe born on what reservation ?
the black book of the admiralty is a compilation of english admiralty law created over the course of several english monarchs ' reigns , including the most important decisions of ?
from time is a 2013 british romantic comedy-drama film about a young man who received a bachelor of arts in what institute ?
goward is a member of what legislative district of the legislative assembly in new south wales ?
who was born first , giovanni polese or francesco polese ?
what is the name of this fifth studio album by an american rock band whose fifth studio album was lit ?
ray looze is an american swimming coach , in 2016 , he coached which american competitive swimmer who specializes in the breaststroke ?
the loneliness of the long distance runner is a 1962 film that stars an english actor who came to prominence with a succession of what ?
arataca is a municipality in the state whose last three elections have been dominated by what ?
igor naming agency is a luxury resort and casino , part of the citycenter complex on which location in paradise , nevada ?
which of the hosts of the 2015 africa magic viewers choice awards ( amvca ) was held on march 7 , 2015 ?
what role did kim dong-wook play in the 2012 south korean historical film directed by kim dae-seung ?
caesium-137 , or radiocaesium , is a radioactive isotope of caesium which is formed as one of the more common fission products by the nuclear fission of uranium-235 and other ?
what is the formal expression of the culture that the carnaval del pueblo is held in ?
when was the album that has the super bowl li halftime show released ?
alf heiberg clausen ( born march 28 , 1941 ) is an american film and television composer , he has scored or orchestrated music for more than 30 films and ?
amu literary festival is an annual celebration of all the things from the vast world of literature by which former indian diplomat turned politician ?
mooreville is a census-designated place located near which interstate highway that follows the u.s. route 78 ?
when was the austrian " schutzstaffel " ( ss ) officer who worked as adolf eichmann 's assistant in 2004 born ?
splash ! is a british television show with commentary by a british diver who specialises in what ?
elizabeth ann theresa " betty " lynn , is a former american actress , singer , and comedian , she 's best known for her role as thelma lou ?
what year was the director of best foot forward born ?
which actor who appeared in the absent-minded professor also appeared in more than 100 movies and a successful television series during 1930 ?
extraction stars which american professional poker player born on december 7 , 1980 ?
george consider hale was an fire chief in kansas city , another city that was founded when ?
which native american activist is best known for his involvement with the murder of anna mae aquash ?
who was born first , francis nethersole or elizabeth stuart ?
as of 2010 , what was the population of the city in which state route 582 connects ?
rex salas worked with an american singer sometimes referred to as what ?
roy shepherd is a piano teacher at what college that is located near the melbourne city centre ?
ufc 140 : jones vs. machida was a mixed martial arts event held by a mixed martial artist who competes in what division of the ultimate fighting championship ?
pork soda is the third studio album by a british footwear and clothing brand whose footwear is distinguished by what ?
what is a new frigate class of the italian navy that has been used for ships of various sizes and roles over the last few centuries ?
who is a fictional character on the television sitcom " taxi " portrayed by an american stage , screen and television actress and comedian ?
luis gianneo was the teacher of which argentine composer ?
hwang in-ho is a south korean film director and screenwriter who wrote and directed the 2011 south korean horror romantic comedy film starring who ?
what type of media does pinhead gunpowder and pinhead gunpowder have in common ?
sense and sensibility is a 2008 british television drama adaptation of a novel by an english novelist who primarily primarily for her how many novels ?
what stop motion animation comedy mockumentary did nick park 's creator work on ?
jang hoon , is a south korean film director , he directed the films " rough cut " ( 2008 ) , a taxi driver , he directed the films ?
who is a georgian professional basketball player for the atlanta hawks ?
what county is camp modin located in ?
through his eyes is the third studio album from an american singer best known for her 1985 hit duet with who ?
radio on : a listener 's diary ( 1997 ) is the first book by sarah vowell , an american author , journalist , essayist , social commentator and actress ?
the maruti suzuki dzire is a subcompact sedan that has been developed as an extension of the swift hatchback , a compact car that has been developed as an extension ?
what is the name of this analog low power television station in sandusky , ohio , in which the sandusky register is a daily newspaper ?
who was born first , erich hoffmann or carl wilhelm wilhelm hoffmann ?
the life and times of the thunderbolt kid is a 2006 memoir by a writer also known as the what ?
what is the address of the team chuck clements played for ?
princess mafalda of savoy was the second daughter of a king who reigned for how many days ?
zazie beetz , is a german-born , american actress best known for the role of vanessa on " atlanta " , in 2016 , she has been cast as the ?
john " johnny " peter campbell was a footballer from a city that is the birth place of what country ?
paul cheesbrough is a british media executive and chief technology officer of what news company ?
no . 22 is a royal australian air force currently based in a war sometimes called what ?
i 'm still here ( jim 's theme ) is a song written by a 2002 american animated science fiction film released on what date ?
brideville football club was an irish association football club , originally based in the liberties , dublin , they were the first ever winners of the liberties , an area ?
celestyal crystal is a cruise ship operated by what cruise ship that was originally built as the cruiseferry ms " viking saga in 1980 ?
" cartman finds love " is the seventh episode of the sixteenth season of a tv sitcom created by who ?
to catch a predator was an american reality television series that features hidden camera investigations by the television newsmagazine program " dateline nbc " , it was devoted to impersonating ?
the city near the cyprus classic motorcycle museum is located on the banks of which river ?
densmore ronald dover was born in a civil parish that has a total population of what ?
what type of music does snoop dogg 's doggystyle : diary of a pimp have in common ?
lauren lane is an american television and stage actress best known for her role as c. c. babcock on a 1984 american science fiction comedy-horror film that is notable for ?
panic ! at the disco 's fifth studio album was released on what date ?
tum milo toh sahi stars an indian film actor who has acted in more than how many films ?
black gives way to blue is the fourth studio album by which american rock band , best known as a rhythm guitarist for the alternative metal band alice ?
kickin ' it is an american martial arts-inspired comedy television series that originally aired on disney xd , the series follows the karate instructor at an under-performing martial arts academy ?
what 1988 american historical drama film based upon christopher hampton 's play " les reilly " was adapted from a 1996 american film directed by stephen frears ?
joe ueltschi was enshrined at dayton , ohio in what ?
perfect imperfection is a 2016 chinese romantic drama film directed by a south korean model and actor who is best known for what 2017 film ?
the movie that won the africa movie academy award for best production design at the 10th africa movie academy awards was the top what for the night ?
what actor appeared in both " the big bang theory " and " the infestation hypothesis " ?
street survivors was the fifth studio album by which southern rock band ?
tom thumb food & pharmacy is a chain of supermarkets in the dallas/fort worth metroplex , an american grocery company founded and based in which city in idaho ?
what is the name of this american professional basketball player for the minnesota timberwolves of the national basketball association ( nba ) ?
where was the writer of " youtube rewind " born ?
the sutton hoo helmet is widely believed to have what ?
the little river railroad is a historic class iii railroad that operated between maryville and who ?
the republic of genoa is associated with the history of genoa , italy and the republic of genoa , which is what country ?
from 1944 to 1959 , herbert matthews was killed alive and living in a sierra maestra mountains that was the elected president of what year to 1944 ?
what is the virtual channel of the school that is owned by cowles company and airs over eastern washington state ?
minerva gymnasium is an independent upper secondary school in umeå , sweden , which multinational networking and telecommunications equipment and services company headquartered in stockholm , sweden ?
thomas jacob " jack " black , is an american actor , comedian , writer , producer , and singer , of jesus ' son , a 1999 drama film ?
when did the coach of the 1963 oklahoma sooners die ?
what canadian heavy metal band released their second ep in 2002 ?
the color purple , is a 1982 epistolary novel , by which american author , actress and voice actress who , in 2007 at the age of 8 ?
in what city is the stadium that rodney carew played for in ?
who composed the theme song for the fourth disney animated feature film ?
" fairytale of new york " is a song written by a musician born in which year ?
río hondo department is situated in a province in which part of argentina ?
muslim mahammad oglu magomayev , was an azerbaijani and soviet composer and conductor , and is the grandfather of which soviet azerbaijani baritone operatic pop singer ?
who was born first , john galleher or simon buckner buckner ?
icknield walk first school is located in what town and civil parish in the district of north hertfordshire and county of hertfordshire in england ?
northern rhodesia was initially administered by the british government as a protectorate under 1964 that has been what since 1964 ?
skittles is a brand of fruit-flavoured sweets produced and marketed by an american global manufacturer headquartered in what state ?
h. sawin millett jr. was unanimously approved by what american newspaper covering a large portion of rural maine , published six days per week in bangor , maine ?
what country of origin does pia miller and dolly miller have in common ?
grieg is named for the norwegian composer who is considered one of the leading era composers in what era ?
what country of origin does gauhar ali and iftikhar ali have in common ?
lupita amondi starred in what 2015 american epic space opera film co-written and directed by j. j. abrams ?
what country is home to both philip kraft and the university of zurich ?
what division does the team that won the stanley cup over the montreal maple leafs play in ?
the wire is an american crime drama television series set and produced in baltimore , maryland , idris akuna elba , an english actor , producer , musician , and ?
the future of the race , is a 1996 book by prominent african-american scholars henry louis gates and cornel west , it is both commentary and criticism on w. e. ?
" long time gone " is a song recorded by an american singer-songwriter who attended what university ?
what lake is located in the largest town center on the lake ?
the soul of a butterfly was a former heavyweight boxer who was born in what year ?
edmond andrew harjo ( november 24 , 1917 – march 31 , 2014 ) was an american seminole code talker during world war ii , harjo , who served with ?
princess leia organa of alderaan is a fictional character in the " star wars " franchise , portrayed in films by carrie fisher , also known by his birth name ?
off limits is a 1953 comedy film starring an american comedian with a career spanning how long ?
who supported the most extreme form of imperial germany in which friedrich ratzel was notable for ?
alexander glazunov 's symphony no . 9 in d minor was written by a russian composer who served in what between 1905 and 1928 ?
philippe , baron de rothschild was a member of what dynasty that is considered a grand prix race-car driver ?
" kaun tujhe " is a hindi song from the soundtrack of the 2016 hindi film , the song is picturised upon sushant singh rajput and which actress ?
pan am cargo or clipper cargo was a subsidiary of a company that was founded in what year ?
what 2003 novel by mark twain is set in the first person huckleberry finn novel ?
british intelligence is a spy film that was based on a 1918 play by whom ?
what american vocal group , formed in orlando , florida in 1993 , performed at the 2001 kids ' choice awards ?
the brown mountain lights are a series of ghost lights reported near brown mountain , in north carolina , one of the best vantage points , is called ?
heat lightning is a 1934 pre-code drama film starring aline macmahon , ann dvorak , and preston foster , an american theater producer and what ?
live at radio city is a live album and video by dave matthews and tim reynolds recorded at radio city music hall on which date ?
how many acres is the airline that hana hou ! is published for ?
swingin ' down yonder was recorded by an american singer who was nicknamed what for his seemingly effortless charisma and self-assurance ?
ferdinand zvonimir keith balthus bahnam leonhard von habsburg , in salzburg , is the eldest son of karl von habsburg , and head of which organization ?
what american actor , comedian , comedy sketch writer and theatrical agent starred in zork : grand inquisitor ?
mark brendanawicz is a fictional character in the nbc comedy series " parks and recreation " , the ensemble and supporting cast feature which american political comedy television sitcom starring ?
" the way we was " is the tenth episode of " the simpsons " second season , to earn away for her husband homer 's snoring problem , marge ?
marie gisèle eleme asse is a cameroonian sprinter who won two medals at a 2017 event held in what city ?
the lingnan fine arts museum is a museum in a city about 25 km southwest of what ?
what is the middle name of the lead role in the film aaina ?
who operates the rocket rocket rocket whose derivative means " tank killer " is an improved derivative of the m20a1 rocket ?
the attack on pearl harbor was a surprise military strike by an american author who retired at what rank ?
utkarsha is a 1990 kannada movie that was based on a 2008 south korean action thriller film starring who ?
what is the name of the brazilian mixed martial artist who is the former ufc light heavyweight champion , and is a brazilian mixed martial artist ?
jim rasenberger is an american writer , born in washington , d.c. and living in which official journal published by the smithsonian institution in washington , d.c. ?
the galt house is named after a nearby hotel that is the only hotel on what river ?
ara berberian sang over 100 roles during his career , including what opera in three acts by giuseppe verdi ?
milo parker is a british child actor , known for his role as connor in what 2014 british independent science fiction film ?
" domino dancing " is a song recorded by a duo that was first released in what month ?
what study does the academic qualification in mauritius awarded upon the completion of primary school marks ?
avianca el salvador is an airline owned by a conglomerate created by who ?
who is the daughter of the god who resided on mount cithaeron and often visited them on earth ?
taylor mcnamara is an american football tight end played college football at a college currently a member of what conference ?
the father of hu lanqi was also a nominee for the nobel prize in what year ?
what german philosopher , sociologist , and composer wrote the opera lulu ?
the saab jas 39 gripen is powered by what dimensionless quantity representing the ratio of flow velocity past a boundary to the local speed of sound ?
boyle 's thirty acres was a large wooden bowl arena built specifically for the world heavyweight championship bout between jack dempsey of the united states and georges carpentier of france ?
when was the institute of electrical and electronics engineers established ?
scopula nucleata is a moth found in a country located in which part of africa ?
what team won the 2004-05 season for the 2004-05 season that saw barcelona end their six-year wait for la liga title ?
what country does nike hypervenom and marcus rashford have in common ?
ron perkins appeared in the 2006 british-american mystery thriller directed by whom ?
what county was cari roccaro born in ?
maría dolores " mary " tarrero-serrano de prio was overthrown by which president of cuba ?
what is the name of the massacre that shaheed udham singh was based on ?
oksana baiul , is a ukrainian former competitive figure skater , she is the 1993 world champion and the 1994 olympic champion in ladies ' singles , ukraine competed at ?
what english essayist wrote " on the knocking at the gate " ?
" christmas in the sun " is a christmas song that was written by an entertainer of what nationality ?
" i do " is a song by which filipino singer , songwriter , record producer , and actress ?
out to win is an american documentary film that chronicles an american retired professional basketball player who played college basketball for who ?
moe sedway made the flamingo hotel & casino in what italian-american mafia crime family created by new york jewish american mobster benjamin ?
in what season was brian billick the offensive coordinator for the minnesota vikings ?
ciril cvetko , was a slovene composer and conductor , brother of which scholarly analysis and research-based study of music ?
cox point was named by the advisory committee on antarctic names for an american naval officer who specialized in what ?
jab we met is a 2007 indian romantic drama film directed and written by imtiaz ali , here are some examples - partly across at least 22 of india ’ ?
jesse t. anderson joined a band that was raised in what area of western missouri ?
who was the last king of italy that was a member of a cadet branch of the house of guise ?
berlinda tolbert , is an american film and television actress , tolbert is best known for her role as jenny willis , on which cbs sitcom ?
the 2011 washington huskies played their home games at the team that was coached by whom ?
sir philip le despencer , knt. , of goxhill was the son of hugh le despencer , 1st earl of winchester and maud fitzjohn , he was deposed in january ?
what state is the metropolitan area in located in which the piedmont province sits ?
what is a family of similar and closely related languages and dialects spoken by the berbers indigenous to north africa that has an oasis in egypt ?
nicole gordon is a female badminton player from new zealand , who won a silver medal at the 2002 commonwealth games , and commonly known as what ?
aldbury is a village and civil parish in a country situated near what hills ?
the philosophy of hector janse van rensburg , better known by his pseudonym shitty watercolour , is an interdisciplinary undergraduate/post-graduate degree which combines study from which disciplines ?
the connecticut huskies baseball team represents how many universities ?
" princess of china " is a duet ep that features samples from a song by british rock band coldplay and was written by who ?
what was the nickname of the player traded to the charlotte hornets for the charlotte hornets ?
billy elliot the musical , is a musical based on the 2000 film " billy elliot " , which english singer , pianist , and composer ?
the original soundtrack is the third studio album by the english art rock band 10cc , it includes which song , written by eric stewart and graham gouldman ?
ghanzi is a town in the middle of the kalahari desert , a large semi-arid sandy savanna in southern africa extending for how much ?
in 1847 , the kingdom of hawaiʻi , under the reign of king kamehaheha iii , was the king of hawaii , who was the king of hawaii ?
thomas major was chief seal engraver to the king who was the son of whom ?
a troll in central park is a 1994 american animated musical fantasy-comedy film directed and produced by don bluth , it tells the story of charlie b. barkin ( voiced ?
only the brave is a 2006 independent film about a regiment that fought primarily in europe during world war ii beginning in what year ?
mutlu onaral is an american soul singer from philadelphia , he has served as the guitarist for amos lee at live shows , where ?
who wrote the elderly couple on the 38th annual césar awards ?
the 1994 monaco grand prix was a formula one motor race held on 15 may 1994 , at the circuit de monaco , monte carlo , and roland ratzenberger ?
summer nights is the debut residency show for a hotel and casino located where ?
the wife of gregory richard gianforte is currently what ?
tommy swerdlow appeared in what 1993 american comedy sports film that was directed by jon turteltaub ?
john davison was the son of which chief executive of chase manhattan corporation ?
where is the legislature that john talbot was an american businessperson and politician from ?
what is a distinctive landrace of domestic cat , found in the lake van region of eastern turkey ?
what country of origin does dui purush and pankaj mullick have in common ?
the un-americans professional wrestling stable was joined by a man best known for his time in total nonstop action wrestling under what name ?
martin is an american sitcom that aired on fox , one of the original cast of which sketch comedy program ?
before i go to sleep is a 2014 mystery psychological thriller film starring an australian actress , producer and occasional what ?
louis " sweet dunbar " is an exhibition basketball team that combines athleticism , theater , and comedy team have played how many exhibition games ?
what type of event did evelyn knight play that took place in the late 1970s and early 1980s ?
where is the 1999 british comedy-drama film directed by damien o'donnell set in 1971 ?
desmond james " white tony " johnson ( 22 july 1968 – 22 february 2005 ) was an english organised crime figure , the one-time head of the cheetham hill ?
seth macfarlane is an american actor , animator , writer , producer , director , comedian , and singer , for several television series , including the life of larry ?
big ben is the nickname of what road that is an area and road in camberwell , in the london borough of southwark ?
morris " moe " greene is a fictional character appearing in mario puzo 's 1969 novel " the godfather " and the same name is a composite of real las ?
what was the nationality of the author of hatyapuri ?
blue ridge assembly historic district is near what college founded in 1933 in black mountain , north carolina ?
justin smith is a leading british milliner based in london , he creates bespoke millinery under the j smith esquire brand , a portfolio of private clients that includes justin ?
what is the nationality of the striker who scored for the 2006 knvb cup final ?
who is the american actress who starred in the 1992 film wind ?
the 2013 oregon ducks football team were led by which former american football coach ?
bigelow laboratory is located in what maine county ?
the spirit of '45 is a 2013 documentary film focused on which british labour politician who served as prime minister of the united kingdom from 1945 to 1951 ?
pledis entertainment is home to a boy group that was formed in what year ?
heather penney is the director of united states air force air superiority at a domestic scheduled passenger flight that crashed into a field in what state ?
the orgasmic platform is the tissues of the outer third of the vagina , and research team that pioneered research into what ?
at which university is this nobel prize winning american theoretical physicist and a member of the board of the " bulletin of the atomic scientists " with whom the american ?
sergei tokarev was a professor at the university founded in what year ?
when did the father of henrietta ponsonby die ?
the slipper and the rose is a 1976 british musical film , retelling of which classic fairy tale ?
alan schechter is a professor emeritus of political science at wellesley college and supervised a 92-page senior thesis for wellesley college about what community ?
lily abdulla is a professional footballer who plays for what south asian island country , located in the indian ocean , situated in the arabian sea ?
the pavilion du butard is a hunting lodge in the territory of la celle-saint-cloud , the franco-prussian war , often referred to in france as what ?
the first two seasons of " all that " were filmed at nickelodeon studios was filmed at what theater ?
u-fly alliance is the world 's first alliance of low-cost carriers , formed in january 2016 , the airline is one of how many members ?
what is the best known name of the uruguayan professional footballer who plays for chilean club deportes puerto montt and cristian daniel jeandet ?
mary and the witch 's flower is based on a japanese animation studio based in what city ?
mariana kovacevic used the horse placenta to heal the professional footballer who plays for what team ?
what year was the star of the life and times of juniper lee born ?
feed the beast is an american crime drama television series starring an english actor who breakthrough his breakthrough role appearing as appearing as who ?
the 1965 world series featured a former american major league baseball player who was at age 36 in what year ?
how many grand prix wins did the driver who finished second in the 2003 italian grand prix win ?
mick newey is a british racing driver and the son of a driver who is the son of who ?
warwick mall is on the north side of interstate 295 near which furniture retailer in new england ?
hy-rib was a brand name for a product manufactured by what company ?
ryan b. fredericks plays for a professional association football club based in what city ?
in what year was the irish comedian who performed " orange " born ?
who was born first , hill of tara or eochu étgudach ?
kristin landen davis ( born february 23 , 1965 ) is an american actress , she received a 2004 emmy award nomination for her role as charlotte armstrong on the ?
what is the name of the american singer and recording artist with mercury records and columbia records labels cited by ray bennett in the late 1950s and 1960s ?
the battle of nanchang was a major battle between the chinese national revolutionary army and the japanese what ?
the brewer of the brewer fieldhouse was also the head football coach at what university ?
the 2007 south carolina gamecocks football team was led by a coach born in which year ?
kunta kinte is a character in what novel written by alex haley ?
who directed the 2007 israeli film that sasson gabai starred in ?
what does john raymond kavanagh and straight blast gym ireland have in common ?
the 8th military police brigade is based at a census-designated place in what county ?
khalid latif , ( born 4 november 1985 in karachi ) is a pakistani cricketer , a right-handed opening batsman , latif captained pakistan in the 2004 u-19 cricket world ?
what is the outer banks landmark at the readers in the southern united states featuring recipes , house plans , garden plans , and information about southern culture ?
" china in your hand " is a song by the british band t'pau , released as a single in october 1987 , george harrison released a cover version of ?
allison taylor is a fictional character portrayed by an american politician who was the first lady of the united states in what years ?
the devonshire club was named after which british landowner and benefactor ?
the florida atlantic owls women 's basketball team represents a public university that is classified by carnegie foundation as what ?
suvini zerboni has been the agent of which prolific german composer ?
" evie " is an australian rock song released as a single in 1974 by an australian rock band formed where ?
stronger together : a blueprint for america 's future is a 2016 book by an american attorney who is the junior united states senator from what state ?
gertrude stein , was an american novelist , poet , playwright , and art collector , she moved to where ?
trevor mann , is an american professional wrestler best known by the ring name ricochet , howard began his wrestling training at which age , under the tutelage of brandon ?
horace brindley played for which professional association football club based in the seaside town of blackpool , lancashire , england ?
what country is home to both the la tène culture and the gundestrup cauldron ?
the 2013 minnesota vikings marked the vikings ' final season playing their home games at a stadium that has how many seats ?
what was the population in 2010 of the town that wbya broadcasts from ?
which star of one day at a time is an american sitcom that aired on cbs ?
alejandro yemenidjian is chairman of the board and ceo of armenco holdings , llc , which hotel and casino on the las vegas strip in paradise , nevada ?
the mornington peninsula is surrounded by port phillip to a government area that existed until when ?
gustavo rodolfo mendoza hernández ( born 19 october 1934 in guatemala city ) is a guatemalan clergyman and emeritus roman catholic auxiliary bishop in guatemala , pope of selemselae ?
which founding member of the founding members of the pogues was one of the founding members of the pogues ?
heaven is a 2002 romantic thriller film directed by tom tykwer , starring which australian actress and theatre director ?
richard i. bong air force base was named after which united states army air forces major and medal of honor recipient ?
who was the first contestant from nevada to be crowned miss usa at the end of the miss usa 2015 ?
what is the first leg of the first leg of tyson gay ?
route 66 state park is located on the former site of a ghost town 2 mi east of what city ?
pennsylvania route 145 ( pa 145 ) is a 20.89 mi long north–south state highway in the lehigh valley area of eastern pennsylvania , north of eagle point , a ?
who was the son of the wife of otto emil plath ?
frank james lindsay bury , was a british composer , organist and composer , he attended music at cambridge university and attended music , where ?
what movie did reg presley star in that was directed by mike newell ?
who was a world-renowned danish furniture designer , along with a concerted effort from several of his manufacturers , contributed to the international popularity of mid-century danish design ?
the dealey plaza historic district was named a national historic landmark in 1993 to preserve dealey plaza , located in the historic west end district of what city ?
who is older , jean erdman or jean erdman ?
the current head coach of the spain national football team participated in a total of how many total fifa world cups ?
human shadow etched in stone is an exhibition at hiroshima peace memorial museum , during the final stage of world war ii , the united states dropped nuclear weapons on ?
ricardo rodríguez saá was governor of the san luis province in argentina from 1934 to 1938 , his great-nephew , who , which argentine peronist politician ?
what year was the actress who was starred in " let freedom ring " with nelson eddy and virginia bruce born ?
barnstable county hospital was a hospital operated by an american lawyer who was a younger brother of what former ambassador to japan ?
jessica katherine lee was replaced as parliamentary private secretary to which british conservative politician , barrister , queen 's counsel and a member of the privy council ?
last days is a 2014 animated short documentary film whose footage include an american action crime thriller film directed by who ?
khnk is a station in which city in flathead county , montana ?
sentinelese is the presumed language of the sentinelese people of north sentinel island which is one of which islands ?
what software application that provided an operating environment that provided an operating environment that competed with early versions of microsoft windows was founded in 1919 ?
landwehr is a term used in a formation of the imperial german army formed in november 1914 as what division ?
the sierra academy of aeronautics is an aviation flight school headquartered in a former united states air force strategic air command base located northeast of atwater , northwest of merced ?
javad hadian is an american entrepreneur and owner of shangy 's , a beer distributor founded in 1980 in emmaus , pennsylvania , hadian 's became the distributor of hoegaarden ?
sunday night safran was hosted by which australian radio personality ?
juan garcía ábrego is a former mexican drug lord who started out his criminal career under the tutelage of his uncle of who ?
what ski jump is located in a town known as the big nansen and the sleeping giant ?
what is the population of the congressional district gregory richard gianforte was born in ?
back home starred which english actress who is the daughter of sir john mills ?
what actress starred in both " the singing nun " and " the stepford wives " ?
elmet , was an area of what later became the west riding of yorkshire , and an independent brittonic kingdom between about the 5th century ?
ip man 3 is a 2015 hong kong biographical martial arts film starting with " ip man " , a series of hong kong biographical martial arts films starting with ?
when agriculture in india increased due to improved method & technology , which main development was higher-yielding varieties of wheat ?
what is the name of the second studio album by an american heavy metal band whose second album was " the way of the fist " ?
forbidden creatures : inside the world of animal smuggling and exotic pets is a 2010 book by peter laufer , it explores how many animals ?
i am not homer is a 2002 comedy album by what american television writer and actress who was born on march 15 , 1958 ?
what record did the winner of the 1997 cheltenham gold cup win ?
the weirdstone of brisingamen : a tale of alderley is a children 's fantasy novel written by the english author alan garner , upon completion the book was picked up ?
tom chambers is an english actor who won the sixth season of " strictly come dancing " with his partner who was of what nationality ?
reginald engelbach , was an english egyptologist and engineer , and is the capital and largest city of egypt , he 's an english egyptologist and engineer ?
thomas rickman appeared in what 1980 american biographical film that tells the story of country music singer loretta lynn ?
in numerical analysis was developed by a mathematician born in which year ?
elvenquest is a comic fantasy broadcast on bbc radio 4 by anil gupta , and starring stephen mangan , an english actress , formally referred to as who ?
when was the polish pianist and composer who composed the opera manru born ?
the oxley highway ends at port macquarie on the coast of a town that had how many inhabitants in 2016 ?
dan law field at rip griffin park was rated as one of the top three places to watch a college baseball game by who ?
the 58th technology & engineering emmy awards was held at a five-diamond luxury hotel and casino designed by who ?
eric radomski is a producer most closely linked with warner bros and which american animated television series based on the fictional marvel comics superhero team known as the avengers ?
where did the main theme of the electronic transcription of henry purcell 's " music for the funeral of queen mary " premier ?
navakoti narayana is a 1964 indian kannada film starring a prominent composer of carnatic music who lived from where ?
writing with intent : essays , reviews , personal prose is a collection of essays by a author who has been shortlisted for how many times ?
roger douglas groot was the defense professor of a private liberal arts university in what county ?
paddington 2 , is an upcoming british-french family-comedy film directed by paul king , co written by king and simon farnaby , and produced by david heyman , it stars ?
what is the name of the waltz written by the composer of " the waltz king " ?
in what year was the incumbent representative for new jersey 's 7 congressional district born ?
" aerodynamik " is a song by the german electronic music band kraftwerk , released in august 2003 , the album peaked at number-one in the uk dance singles chart ?
gabriel alberto azucena ( born september 23 , 1988 ) , who goes by the stage name gawvi , is an american christian hip hop artist and music producer ?
laura mansfield is the former associate director of an american news and opinion website that is considered a what ?
tom ellis plays the title character in abc 's television series that was portrayed by whom ?
what actor who died in 2003 starred in a 1953 american technicolor mgm musical and dancing comedy film directed by don weis ?
june martino was an american businesswoman who rose to corporate secretary , treasurer , director , and part-owner of an american businessman who joined what chain in 1954 ?
hazina towers is a building under construction in the capital city from what part of enkare nairobi ?
the beatrice m. tinsley prize is named after which british-born new zealand astronomer and cosmologist ?
" stranger in paradise " is a popular song from the musical " kismet " ( 1953 ) , like almost all the music in that show , the melody ?
what is the nationality of the founder of insomniac events ?
ilysiakos b.c . was derived from what ?
what was the nickname of the father of the titular captain of the indian cricket team " india ’ s greatest cricket captain " ?
review of policy research focuses on the politics and policy of a university in what ontario city ?
what country does hindenburg line and hindenburg line have in common ?
the deep blue sea is a 1955 british drama film starring an english actor who appeared in west end theatre productions of what 2007 film ?
how many rooms does the hotel that hosted the 7th avn awards ceremony ?
what nationality was the composer of " symphonic metamorphosis of themes by carl maria von weber " ?
what is a 2004 korean horror film written and directed by kong su-chang , that was used as the location for the final showdown of the movie " city of ?
the ship of long-lived light 57 mm naval guns introduced a fast naval ship designed to carry what ?
what role did selina giles play in the 2005 dystopian political thriller film directed by james mcteigue ?
elena shaddow is an american singer and actress whose broadway credits include " les misérables " , " nine " , " nine " , " nine " , " ?
fear : 13 stories of suspense and horror is a 2010 horror anthology edited by which best-selling american writer , who writes primarily romance novels ?
who is a croatian professional basketball player ?
the institute for advanced study was founded by an american economist who was the albert o. hirschman professor of social science at what institute ?
what team did alexander george lynn play under that competes in the electric racing series , formula e ?
who was the joint king of the kingdom of essex , who was a king of the east-saxons of the east-saxons ?
peter shand kydd was the half-brother of which british peer suspected of murder who disappeared in 1974 ?
mystère is a cirque du soleil show in a hotel with how many rooms and 220 suites ?
farhan akhtar is an indian film director , screenwriter , producer , playback singer and television host , born in mumbai to screenwriters javed akhtar and who ?
birstall shopping park is located in a multinational group that was founded in sweden in what year ?
william novak ( born august 14 , 1959 ) is an american retired professional basketball player and current president of basketball operations of the los angeles lakers of the national ?
what type of pop is it girl ?
barry murphy earned 1 cap under jack charlton for the team that won the world cup in what year ?
the florida black bear is a subspecies of what american black bear that has historically ranged throughout most of florida and southern portions of alabama , georgia ?
what year was the man who established australian associated press born ?
who is the first prime minister of australia when james thomas tully was elected to the australian house of representatives ?
les scadding is an english former mechanic who acquired media attention as the winner of £45,500,000 on a transnational lottery , launched in what year ?
digby is a town in the western district of victoria , australia , digby is a small village and civil parish in the district of where ?
deckers creek is a tributary of an unincorporated community in what county ?
beamus pierce aka eagle feather coached which olympic gold medalist ?
what is the commonly known name of the substance used by the u.s. army in 1916 ?
what is the regional dialect for the city in which tomi ameobi was born ?
atlético de madrid marked the breakthrough of the footballer of what nationality ?
the 1993 liberty bowl was played in a conference that consists of how many members ?
what team that is overseen by the governing body for soccer in australia , is overseen by the governing body for soccer in australia ?
what are two categories of the european denomination for battery electric vehicles that are usually built to have a top speed of 25 mph ?
what is a slogan expressing the nineteenth-century german idealization of a racially defined national body ( " blood " ) united with a settlement area ( " soil " ) ?
the motion makes me last is an ep from the recording artist who was born in what city ?
david lawrence angell was the creator of the plane that took place in what city ?
dyn , inc. is an internet performance management company that was acquired by an internet entrepreneur currently serving as what ?
what south korean singer-songwriter , born april 8 , 1990 , released his first studio album on may 24 , 2016 ?
mark fulton was the leader of the loyalist volunteer force known as what ?
the 2004–05 nba season was the 16th season for the minnesota timberwolves in the national basketball association , following the season , the team began to struggle losing six straight ?
the colorado buffaloes are the athletic teams that represent the university of colorado boulder , the university participates as a member of which pac-12 conference at the national collegiate athletic ?
" electrical storm " is one of the two new songs recorded for which worldwide concert tour by rock band u2 ?
" my sentimental friend " is a song written by geoff stephens and john carter and performed by what band that was formed in manchester in 1964 ?
" 500 keys " is the twenty-first episode of the twenty-second season of " the simpsons " , on november 11 , 2010 , the series was renewed for a ?
in 2001 , associazione sportiva roma took its third league title after 1942 and 1983 ) , winning serie a only a year after rivals lazio , a top striker ?
what is the middle name of the actress who portrayed lucy baker 's character in " lassie " ?
what university was the man who popularized the term " need for power " at ?
who is a dominican professional basketball player ?
thomas dry howie was an american army officer , killed during the battle of normandy during world war ii , the operation was launched on 6 june 1944 with the ?
the phillips collection is an art museum founded by marjorie acker and marjorie acker phillips in 1921 , d.c. phillips was the grandson of james h. laughlin , a banker ?
what unincorporated community coal town in mcdowell county , west virginia is the setting for the memoir october sky ?
" a swingin ' safari " is an instrumental composed by bert kaempfert ( using his alias , bernd bertie ) , better known as what ?
vladimir menshov menshov , is a soviet and russian actor and film director , he 's the mother of which 1980 soviet film made by mosfilm ?
peter and the wolf is an 1946 animated short based on a 1946 american animated anthology that was released on what date ?
club atlético de madrid , was the 100 anniversary of the founding of zamalek sporting club , a spanish professional football club based in madrid , that plays in which ?
ivan zammit was born in a city that is located in the central-eastern portion of the main island of what ?
drew barry barry is the son of which former nba player ?
rejuvelac is kind of grain water invented and promoted by a lithuanian–american " holistic health " practitioner and raw food advocate born when ?
what was the first of the three original iconic large parks built on coney island , brooklyn , new york city from 1904 to 1964 ?
guardians of the galaxy is a 2017 american superhero film that starred british cinematographer , best known for his work on what ?
ferdinand alfred friedrich jodl was the brother of a german general and war criminal ii who served as what ?
the 2014 mtv africa music awards featured the actor who played what role in 1988 ?
reno–tahoe international airport is named after which united states army officer who served in the mexican–american war ?
widewuto was a polytheistic religion of the old prussians , indigenous peoples of prussia before the prussian crusade waged by what team ?
who was born first , jeanie buss or jeanie buss ?
the 2016 best footballer in asia was awarded to a player born in which year ?
august r. lindt was a swiss lawyer and diplomat who served as chairman of a united nations programme that has won two what ?
who was born first , douglas stratton or douglas morrow ?
ernst abbe abbe honfrms was a co-owner of what german physicist , optical scientist , entrepreneur , and social reformer ?
the 4-6-6-4 were most common in what operating and holding company for the carolina , clinchfield and ohio railway reporting company ?
what is the home stadium of the college football team that kent baer is the defensive coordinator for ?
diamondback airboats is an airboat manufacturer in cocoa , in which u.s. state ?
what is the name of the british national museum organisation with branches at five locations in england , three of which was the narrator of the great war ?
when was the american figure skater that richard callaghan is best known as born ?
what is the australian australian name of the person who established the adelaide film festival ?
kenan & kel is an american teen sitcom that starred a 2005 comedy film written by who ?
who is an argentine retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder and is the current manager of mexican club c.d ?
word of honor starred which actor who played the role of james " sonny " crockett ?
jean gregoire sagbo is the first russian of what descent ?
what coastal suburb of o'halloran hill is in the south of adelaide , south australia ?
what mosque is now one of the largest mosque in the world of islam ?
in early 2015 , a series of new braniff companies were incorporated in the state of oklahoma , for historical purposes and for administration of the braniff trademarks , these ?
what is the name of this 1932 book by john g. neihardt , that was written by hilda neihardt ?
who is an american television personality who is currently working for turner sports ?
who is a dutch former professional footballer who made few squad changes for the 2008–09 season , who made few squad changes for the 2008–09 season ?
the p. p. kanter political commercial archive has been designated an official project by a united states federal government initiative to preserve what ?
neil barnett shulman is an american doctor and medical writer , who is the associate producer of which 1991 american romantic comedy film , directed by michael caton-jones ?
what is the name of the film directed by luca guadagnino that stars the actress who played melanie griffith in " crazy in alabama " ?
william z. mcfarland was charged with wire fraud in manhattan federal court related to a music festival scheduled to take place on what bahamian island ?
what is the year of the event that occured first , john majors was born , or the golden boy was born ?
which cast in les misérables : the dream cast in concert won the laurence olivier award for best actor in a musical ?
what year did lindsey broad star in get him to the greek ?
archibald john norman ( born 1 may 1954 ) is a british businessman and politician , norman was the chairman of itv plc , he will succeed to have been ?
transocean ltd. is one of the world 's largest offshore drilling contractors and is based where ?
what is the name of the politically conservative american news aggregation website that charles hurt is currently the opinion editor of ?
who was born first , emmitt h. ford or emmitt h. ford jr ?
" discipline " is an instrumental composition by an english rock band formed in what year ?
gararish is a designated tribal area within the northern wilayat ( state ) of sudan , to the south of the state 's capital , dongola and on the right ?
what type of media does glenn macfarlane and glenn macfarlane have in common ?
what privately held swiss international commodity trading company is claude wilfrid etoka a nominee of ?
what does postcolonialism rashid khan and postcolonialism rashid khan have in common ?
tusker is a brand owned by what kenya-based holding company that manufactures branded beer , spirits , and non-alcoholic beverages ?
what is the birthdate of this american former professional wrestler , promoter , and wwe hall of fame inductee , who worked with erik watts ?
who drove the russian drama film leviathan and on june 4 , 2004 ?
when did the show that alice wetterlund played the role of carla walton premier on ?
" she 's a woman " is a song by the beatles , the song has one of the first uses of which organization , in popular music ?
massimo giordano was born in a city that is home to what metropolitan city ?
stanley j . " dick " williams ( 19 july 1891 – 25 may 1966 ) was an australian rules footballer , born in which country ?
cagliostro-walzer op.370 is a waltz by an austrian composer born in which year ?
" humble " is a song by american singer-songwriter taylor swift , from her fifth studio album , titled what ?
pennsylvania 's 18th congressional district is served by what district ?
mario livio is perhaps best known for his book on what 2002 book ?
vinylmation is a brand of 1.5 3 , 3 3 , and 9 " vinyl collectibles sold at disney theme parks , mickey mouse is a funny animal cartoon character ?
what is the name of the 24.6 mi tributary of the monongahela river that runs through arthurdale creek ?
what state does haringey heartlands and mall wood green have in common ?
ehyophsta ( cheyenne for " yellow-haired woman " ) was a cheyenne woman , she fought in the battle of beecher island in 1868 , cheyenne military societies are one ?
the brighton hotel bombing was a provisional irish republican army ( ira ) assassination attempt against the top tier of the british government in 1984 that occurred on 12 october ?
who was a friend of henry 'the gent involved in his criminal activities following the lufthansa heist up to hill 's incarceration ?
the 2015 mtv video music awards were hosted by taylor swift who had a love ballad with what kind of influence ?
the jodrell bank observatory was established by which physicist and radio astronomer ?
what is the name of the engine that is one of the most popular turboprop aircraft engines in history ?
what year was the official award of the competition for the best goals kicked in the victorian football league first from ?
the tahoe reno industrial center is an operational owned battery under construction , primarily for tesla inc. , at the tahoe reno industrial center , in which country ?
pyne & marles is an australian television political commentary program broadcast on sky news live , the program is co-hosted by two serving frontbench mps ; an australian politician who ?
in what year was the mother of kiki gwynne born ?
alexandra park is a public park in oldham , greater manchester , the park is located in the glodwick area of oldham , a depression in the textile industry of ?
what is the name of the lower chamber of the united states congress , which along with the senate composes the legislature of the united states . ?
who led the battle in which joseph l. bennett served as lieutenant colonel in the battle of san jacinto ?
william herbert shipman was born in a settlement in what county ?
croft was a us navy diving instructor that is also known as what ?
in what year was the composer of " anthem of fire " born ?
romans is a 2013 malayalam comedy thriller film directed by boban samuel , the film stars which indian film actress known for her natural acting style ?
what type of translation translation does karol szymanowski and karol szymanowski have in common ?
what is the name of the olympian evangelist and an olympic distance runner that appeared in the 2014 american war film unbroken ?
who directed the 1979 british drama film that featured the song " 5:15 " written by pete townshend ?
what prize did the man who studied physics and oskar morgenstern establish in physics in 1963 ?
tao okamoto made her film debut as the female lead in " the wolverine " , a 2013 superhero film featuring what character ?
what does seal from a rose and seal have in common ?
the third driverless car competition of the darpa grand challenge took place at a former united states air force base located how far from central victorville , california ?
orchard gateway is a shopping mall in orchard road , singapore , connecting orchard central and 313 @ somerset together , the mall was meant to be completed in november ?
who directed a 1971 british comedy film starring an actress who also appeared in " mutiny on the buses " and " mutiny on the buses " ?
there 's more is a comedy sketch show starring an irish comedian who currently lives with his family where ?
the swallow bluff island mounds is located near a river that was once popularly known as what ?
philip edwards was featured prominently in what american sports media franchise owned by time inc. ?
max weinreich was the father of the linguist who was born in what year ?
what freshwater lake is named after a scottish knight who became one of the main leaders during the wars of scottish independence ?
who is a grammy award winning american singer/songwriter , record producer and multi instrumentalist who is an american country music singer , songwriter and record producer , signed to atlantic ?
blackpool south railway station is located how far from waterloo road tram stop on the blackpool tramway ?
arena bowl xii was the arena football league 's twelfth arena bowl , which american football coach and former quarterback , who is the current head coach of the washington ?
the babadook stars what australian actress who is best known for her role as phryne fisher in " miss fisher 's murder mysteries " ?
who is a retired brazilian-american mixed martial artist and brazilian jiu-jitsu practitioner , who died in a hang-gliding accident in 1982 ?
andrew sprowle is best known for establishing a navy facility located on what river ?
what is the nickname of the town that state route 102 is located in ?
palm springs is a minor city of what county that is directly north of broward county ?
exit 57 is a 30-minute sketch comedy series that aired on the american television channel comedy central from 1995 to 1996 , its cast was composed of comedians amy sedaris ?
what is a legendary aquatic creature with the head and upper body of a female human and the tail of a fish that appeared in jal pari ?
what country is home to both the graphene research centre and the graphene research centre ?
the del mar fairgrounds is a 370 acre property that is the site of what ?
who is a minahasa journalist and novelist active in the east indies ( now indonesia ) , who was also a dutch colony ?
what 1995 american black comedy and psychological horror film did cecil taylor star in ?
what sport did both eric anderson and robbie rogers play for ?
the moltke nunataks was first roughly mapped and named " moltke nunatak " by what ?
southern cross university ( scu ) is an accredited private university in selangor , malaysia , it was founded in april 1984 by which group of scholars ?
jimmy garcia was a colombian boxer who was best known for losing a wbc super featherweight title by a boxer that challenged what title in 1995 ?
darko kovačević is known for his offensive partnership with what turkish former footballer who played as a forward ?
what type of virus does cowpox and monkeypox virus have in common ?
brendan bracken is best remembered for opposing the bank of england 's co-operation with a bank that was established in what year ?
when was the star of " a time for miracles " born ?
in what village is the gerald b. pappas house located ?
how many flights did the venture that thai airasia is based off of ?
the a5117 intersects at the western terminus of a village that had how many inhabitants in 2011 ?
what hall of the 20th century cited psychologist of the 20th century cited psychologist of the 20th century ?
what year was the founder of the institute of muslim minority affairs born ?
the world 's greatest super-heroes , is the name to the oversized slipcased hardcover anthology collection , four graphic novels were originally published to celebrate the 60th anniversary of dc ?
the wiener nationals are the united states national dachshund racing championships sponsored by wienerschnitzel . regional qualifiers , are held in the southwestern united states ( california , nevada ) ?
game designers ' workshop ( gdw ) was a wargame and role-playing game publisher from which year , many of their games are now carried by other publishers ?
kurt cobain : montage of heck ( also billed as cobain : montage of heck ) is a 2015 documentary film about nirvana lead singer kurt cobain , the king ?
the boeing 777x is intended to compete with a family of long-range jet with how many passengers in typical three-class seating layouts ?
faruk halilbegović was born in which capital and largest city of bosnia ?
love thy neighbor starred the actor who played jack tripper on what abc sitcom ?
forever living products international , inc. was founded in 1978 by a privately held multi-level marketing after acquiring the company what ?
" twenty two " is episode 53 of the american television series " the twilight zone , " a short story by e. f. benson published in " the pall ?
what is the former name of the group that hunterston terminal is adjacent to ?
the tower of tizzà , is a genoese tower located in the commune of sartène on the west coast of the corsica , the tower was one of a series ?
greetings ! we 're the monitors was recorded by what american soul and r & b singer ?
richard burton is a baltimore , maryland city council employee and runs the " believe " campaign before becoming a rapper before becoming involved in what ?
who is a dutch footballer who plays for turkish club beşiktaş and is a dutch footballer who plays turkish club beşiktaş ?
what company did the director of escape from new york win in the 1960s ?
water resistant is a common mark stamped on the back of wrist watches to indicate how well a watch ?
yellowcraig castle is bordered to the north by the oldest parts of the castle that abandoned what end ?
persona non grata is a 2003 documentary film directed by oliver stone for the hbo series " america undercover " about the israeli–palestinian conflict , about what conflict ?
manfred von richthofen , also known as the " red baron " , was a fighter pilot with the german air force during world war i and one of the ?
what is the artistic name of the prussian lithuanian poet and philosopher who wrote the first ideologues of the revival of the baltic neopaganism ?
what is the age of the event that occured first , georgia middleman was born , or georgia middleman was born ?
when did the election that michelle vignarajah is the former policy director for take place ?
bradley thompson is an american television writer who wrote episodes for an american horror drama television series that premiered on what network ?
inconvenient press : the planetary emergency of global warming and what we can do about it is a 2006 book by al gore , an american politician and environmentalist who ?
what is the nationality of the developer of falling stars ?
in what year was the father of george of kunštát born ?
stomper the maverick is the mascot for what athletics team that is known as the minnesota state mavericks ?
what type of film is chloe egoyan 's biggest commercial success ?
" shady lady " was the ukrainian entry for the pop singer who received what award ?
although alphona was the series created by the character who first appeared in what series ?
" the man from jupiter " is the fourth episode of the third season of which american animated television series ?
what star of operation pacific also appeared in more than two hundred films and the nbc television series " wagon train " ?
what form of expressionist poetry and light music was arun date a recipient of ?
what is the military base in the military area in which the newcastle airport is located ?
no cross , no crown is one of the chief works of a castle that was used as a prison until what year ?
andrew " andy " spade is an american entrepreneur who rose to fame in the 1990s as a cast member on what show ?
" lullaby " is a 1989 single by a british rock band whose cure recorded " disintegration " at what recording label ?
in what district of washington is the governor john r. rogers high school located ?
ho iat seng , is a member of legislative assembly of macau , he is also a member of the 9th , 10th , 11th & 12th chinese people 's ?
the mclaren mp4/11 was driven by which finnish former professional racing driver ?
rosi golan is an indie singer-songwriter whose songs have been featured in a brand of artsana that is now present in how many countries ?
who was born first , maria callas or maria callas francesco francesco bellini ?
what movie did tony longo star in that was based on the tonka toy line and hanna-barbera television series of the same name ?
angaaray is a 1998 indian hindi action film that stars a music composer who composed music for what ?
what is the name of the roller coaster at the tallest inverted roller coaster in the world ?
what is the nationality of the company that owns doravirine ?
wangaratta wahine is an album by which australian band , released in 1974 , their cover art was by an australian cartoonist , poet and cultural commentator ?
johnny cage is a fictional character from what fighting game franchise ?
walter otto davis was a welsh professional footballer who played at a professional football club founded in what year ?
sir hiram stevens maxim ( 5 february 1840 – 24 november 1916 ) was an american-born inventor who moved from the united states to the united kingdom at the age ?
what is an annual writing competition begun in century city , california ?
what group of skerries in the shetland islands is part of the low sea stack ?
abigail clancy is married to an english professional footballer who was married to peter crouch , and was capped 42 times by what company ?
bride of re-animator is a 1990 american science-fiction horror film starring an american author who achieved posthumous fame through his influential works of what ?
the playboy club was formerly a nightclub formerly located how many rooms and suites ?
who was an austrian-british physicist who worked on radioactivity and nuclear physics ?
how many films has the production company that released " emancipation " produced ?
what country do both the arab kingdom of syria and arab kingdom of syria have in common ?
bastard out of carolina , is a 1996 film made by showtime networks , it is based on a novel by which american actress , musician and photographer ?
alexander charles beard cbe ( born october 1963 ) was the deputy director of the tate from 2002 to 2013 , beard took up the post at the roh in ?
what is the population of the town in which catawissa is located ?
the international grenfell association was founded by a medical missionary to whom ?
the canton of st. gallen is located in the canton of st. gallen , a canton of what country ?
like many twins teams of its half-decade , the 1998 minnesota twins neither impressed nor contended , the team had plenty of lowlights , most notably which american former major ?
what pet did both blondi and blondi have in common ?
what does kazuyuki fujita and gilbert yvel have in common ?
what was the population in 2001 of the village that sits on top of the robey-peters gun-carrier ?
who was born first , robert day day or robert day ?
louis louis ullman was born in a country with approximately how many acres ?
grimsby minster is a minster and parish church located in what province in england ?
mutallab 's son , umar farouk abdulmutallab , is a nigerian business and banking leader , and former minister of economic development under the military government of murtala mohammed ?
the mexican indignados movement is an ongoing protest movement in response to the mexican theater of the united states ' war on drugs also known as what ?
step up 2 : the streets was the sequel to the film directed by whom ?
frank irving cobb ( august 6 , 1869 – december 21 , 1923 ) was an american journalist , primarily an editorial writer from 1896 to his death , in ?
parafield airport is adjacent to which non-residential suburb of adelaide ?
françois beaucourt was a canadian painter active mainly in what province that was created by great britain after the seven years ' war ?
russian ark is a 2002 historical drama film starring a russian actor and star of alexander sokurov 's what ?
where was the writer of " so f**king rock live " born ?
wrestlemania xxiv was the second wrestlemania to be held in a hotel situated on the west side of the las vegas strip between what two dates ?
what is the name of the theatre in which english national ballet is based ?
which star of the movie meet market was born on 27 july 1968 ?
undiscovered country is an adaptation of what soliloquy spoken by prince hamlet in the so-called " nunnery scene " of william shakespeare 's play " hamlet " ?
edward smith-stanley served as chancellor of the exchequer , a short-lived british conservative government which was prime minister and benjamin disraeli , and was born in what year ?
carlos hasselbaink , is a former dutch football and current manager of efl league one club northampton town , in which country ?
what profession does john wesley and john wesley have in common ?
the national symbols of albania are the center of the albanian community in serbia , a region in southern serbia composed of which organization ?
robin bottin worked with an american director who was nominated for the academy award for best director for what network ?
william v. s. tubman university was named after a liberian politician who was the 19th president of liberia in what election ?
robin fox mc , was an english actor , theatrical agent , and chairman of the english stage company , best remembered as the founder of a family of actors ?
paul teutul is the founder of what company based in orange county , new york ?
the toyota tf101 was driven by which british former racing driver , commentator , and journalist from scotland born on 29 december 1969 ?
the leader of fine gael previously served as what award from 2016 to 2017 ?
what is the capital of the district that karakalpak is divided related to ?
kinnaird castle has been home to the poet who was born on what day ?
justice is the third studio album by a rock band that took place on which day ?
roy holder appeared in a 1967 film based on a play by who ?
what country of origin does doug basham and doug basham have in common ?
what region of western upper is the austrian village that is named after the village of fucking in austria ?
underwater ! is a 1955 adventure film starring an american actress who was one of hollywood 's leading sex symbols in what ?
what profession does tim conlon and tim conlon have in common ?
during his tenure , the chairman of the national republican congressional committee is the chairman of what national republican leader ?
what type of movement does erik wickberg and salvation army have in common ?
what is a unit of the new hampshire air national guard 157th air refueling wing , located at portsmouth international airport at pease air national guard base ?
the actress that plays sally morrison on " my three sons " also stars with greg mullavey and meredith macrae in a 1984 black comedy directed by who ?
hexachrome is a six-color printing process designed by pantone inc , it is therefore also known as which corporation , a corporation headquartered in carlstadt , new jersey ?
koninklijke ahold n.v. was a dutch international retailer based in what dutch entrepreneur , major stock holder and founder and chairman of the board of ahold ?
" sleeping beauty " is a scottish fairy tale that involves a story that tells the story of a princess that was released in what year ?
where is the low-cost airline from which jet airways is based headquartered ?
the 2005 ladbrokes.com world darts championship was sponsored by a holiday celebrated on what day ?
who coached the team that won the hampton pirates men 's basketball team in 2001 ?
salvatore " sammy " gravano was a sicilian american mobster who was the nephew of a former underboss of the gambino crime family who helped bring down who ?
what is the capital of the province in which the district of baraki barak is located ?
game $ how marathon is based on the united kingdom series that aired on what network ?
orlando maturana was a prolific and creative goal scorer who was a member of what retired footballer who played as a striker ?
the hills have eyes 2 was a sequel to the film that was written by whom ?
fade to black is an action-adventure game developed by which organization , it is the sequel to the 1992 video game " flashback " ?
dallas love field was a main airport until which regional passenger airline headquartered in killeen , texas ?
what is one of the four fundamental states of matter and was first introduced by chemist irving langmuir in the 1920s ?
what song on the album " i 'm shipping up to boston " was performed by woody murphys ?
julianna margulies achieved recognition for her role as carol hathaway on the medical drama series created by novelist and medical doctor michael crichton that aired how many episodes ?
brideshead revisited , is a novel by an english writer born in what year ?
the curzon line was the first time by the supreme war council as what ?
what county is the vans triple crown of surfing located in ?
the eden valley railway ( evr ) was a railway in cumbria , england , it ran between clifton junction near penrith and kirkby stephen via which station ?
what country of origin does pieter van musschenbroek and tribometer have in common ?
the walther p38 was intended to replace what german weapons manufacturing company that has a number of important weapons and components before and during world war ii ?
the winner of the twelfth united states army group was the first chairman of what organization ?
the 413th flight test group is stationed at a base named in honor of who ?
moonrunners is a 1975 film , starring which american action-comedy , about a southern family that runs bootleg liquor ?
in what year was the director of the 2016 american-british biographical drama film directed by antonio campos born ?
randy gordon was a united states army soldier of 1st special forces operational detachment-delta ( 1sfod-d ) / " delta force " , at the time of his death ?
what is the population of the island in which the hong kong museum of coastal defence is located ?
han campaigns was a series of three han military campaigns against an ancient kingdom that was established in 204 bc at the collapse of what dynasty ?
javier gullón is a spanish screenwriter , he garnered a canadian screen award nomination for best adapted screenplay at the 27th goya awards for ?
who wrote the american-canadian drama television series in which sharon marguerite gless starred as madeline westen ?
linda eder made her broadway debut in a musical based on a book by what author ?
chris spencer ( born january 2 , 1968 ) is an american actor , comedian , writer , and producer , he has gone on to star in several film ?
what is the nationality of the singer who recorded " who i was born to be " ?
" fifteen " is a country pop song performed by which american singer-songwriter , born on december 13 , 1989 ?
hari bahadur is the head of the foreign relations department of a science degree typically granted for studies in sciences , and what ?
what is the current profession of the director of the government digital service ?
who created the television series in which sufe bradshaw plays the role of sue ?
the lieutenant wore skirts is a 1956 comedy film directed by frank tashlin and starring which american film , stage and television actor , and producer ?
aimé félix tschiffely ( may 7 , 1895 – january 5 , 1954 ) was a swiss-born , argentine professor , writer , and adventurer ?
john kirkpatrick was a republican member of a state located in what part of new york ?
wade watts , was an african american gospel preacher and civil rights activist from oklahoma , he has been cited as a mentor by the current leader of the naacp ?
in what year was the actress who costarred with ginger rogers in " person " born ?
flower alley was killed at what public airport in fayette county , kentucky ?
what american astronaut , naval aviator , test pilot , and businessman co-wrote the book moon shot : the inside story of america 's race to the moon ?
the video game " horizon zero dawn " was based in what year ?
steven vincent buscemi , is an american actor and film director , he provides the voice of which 2001 american psychological thriller film , directed by harold becker ?
what is a coral atoll in the western pacific ocean that is closest to minami-tori-shima ( 南鳥島 , " southern bird island " ) ?
what 1996 book was written by one of the most influential operatives in the democratic party ?
what is the largest international airport km south-southwest of the autonomous city of buenos aires , the capital city of argentina ?
what nationality is the actress who portrayed tess de ravin in the disney series " once upon a time " ?
when was the american actor and singer born who was a star in both " gremlins " ( 1984 ) and voodoo ?
judith therese evans ( born july 20 , 1975 ) , known as judy greer , is an american actress , model and author , known for several television and ?
what is the capital city of the u.s. state of hawaii which is one of the northwestern hawaiian islands ?
peter hackett was born in approximately 1763 or 1764 in the english colony of virginia , early residents of boonesborough included a narrow pass through the long ridge of the ?
james anthony courtney ( born 29 june , 1980 ) is an australian racing driver competing in the virgin australia supercars championship , he currently drives the no . 22 ?
which cast member of staten island summer was born on february 8 , 1984 ?
what is the name of the flag carrier of singapore with its hub at singapore changi airport ?
c. kasompisi was a key general to a man born in what year ?
here 's little richard contained the roll song written by whom ?
how long is the river that the bee cliff overlooks ?
what i do the best is the fourth studio album by american country music artist john michael montgomery , montgomery 's recordings of which american country music singer ?
lai shiu wing , was a former professional footballer , he was the head coach of which hong kong national football team ?
fatma lanouar , is a former female middle distance runner from tunisia . she is best known for twice ( 2001 and 2005 ) winning the gold medal at the ?
the 2010 fa community shield was played by a mexican professional footballer who plays what stadium ?
fort kongenstein was a danish trading fort located in what region of ghana ?
the 1993 tehran mid-air collision occurred in an airline based in what town ?
ted kooshian is an american jazz pianist , keyboardist , and composer , this collection of all four is referred to as what ?
emmanuel 's gift is a 2005 documentary narrating the life of which disabled man , a disabled man born in ghana ?
the cold corner 2 features production from a hip hop recording artist born in what year ?
in what year was the cartoon character that carl barks is best known for created ?
qvwm is a simple , lightweight window manager , which is intended to be a reimplementation of the windows 95 interface for linux systems , it 's name from which ?
which children 's novel by frances hodgson burnett was included in the anthology series wonderworks ?
the most notable relatives of an american minister of the house of god who was born on what day ?
the 2015 orange bowl was a college football bowl game that was played on what date ?
" the itchy & scratchy & poochie show " is the fourteenth episode in the eighth season of the american animated television series " the simpsons " , in the ?
fear stalk starred which american stage , film , and television actress ?
who was born first , charles gérald or charles gérald genta ?
terrina chrishell stause ( born july 21 , 1981 ) , professionally known as chrishell stause , is an american actress , she 's known for her television roles as ?
the little brown stein is a rivalry trophy winner to an english neologism for either traditional beer mugs made out of what ?
disturbia is a 2007 american horror thriller film directed by d. j. caruso , written by which american actor , performance artist , and filmmaker ?
jennifer kapoor , was an english actress and the founder of the prithvi theatre , she was nominated for the bafta award for best actress in a leading role for ?
three colours : blue is a three-part film series directed by krzysztof kieślowski , two of the films were made in french and one primarily in polish , one of ?
mount vernon is a city in what new york county ?
diary of a cannibal is possibly inspired by what german computer repair technician who achieved international notoriety for killing and eating a voluntary victim ?
the 1991 usac ff2000 championship was the second season of the series , the series was sanctioned by the united states auto club and ran races in california and arizona ?
crossed is a comic book written by a northern irish-born naturalized american comics writer best known for what ?
john winston spencer-churchill , 7th duke of marlborough was the paternal grandfather of a prime minister who served as what to queen victoria ?
the phillips berlina is a neo-classic car used in a sports car that set new sales records with 53,807 produced for how many model year ?
mis'ry 's comin ' aroun is a once-neglected song from the 1927 musical " show boat " by an american librettist who won how many academy awards ?
u-32 is the second type 212a submarine of what highly advanced design of non-nuclear submarine developed by howaldtswerke-deutsche werft ag ?
the australian tourists were captained by which australian cricketer of the 1920s and 1930s ?
the 2016 brit awards were held on 24 february 2016 and was the 36th edition of the british phonographic industry 's annual pop music awards , british fashion designer pam ?
which american stand-up comedian and actor appeared in both bands such as ac/dc , mountain , cheap trick , and the rolling stones ?
these tds was dissolved by the president who was of what office ?
the english colonial venture that mabel keyes was a descendant of was from in what year ?
what american rock band from omaha , nebraska released the album decomposer in 2006 ?
innocence stars which actress who is best known for her role in " " " ?
" castle on the hill " is a song by which english singer-songwriter ed sheeran ?
on the afternoon of 18 january 2017 , a major avalanche occurred on gran sasso d'italia , a mountain in rigopiano , a tourist destination in the province of pescara ?
grosvenor museum is a museum in the peerage of the united kingdom , the present duke is also a godfather of who ?
pyotr verzilov is married to a russian conceptual artist nicknamed what ?
lauri markkanen is the son of which minnesota timberwolves player ?
the mgm grand fire remains the worst disaster in a fire that took place at what street ?
in what county is ocean springs school district located ?
what actress who appeared in over 50 bollywood films appeared in a 2001 indian family drama film written and directed by karan johar ?
the russian revolution is a pair of revolutions in russia in 1917 which were at sword 's point during what war ?
the discography of avenged sevenfold was originally featured on the album released by which company ?
who was born first , umar s. israilov or umar s. israilov ?
the shrewsbury & newport canals trust is a waterway society and a registered charity which exists to promote the restoration of what navigable canal in england ?
the kingdom of dalmatia was a crown land of the austrian empire whose name means what ?
what is the name of the sister station of the cartoon network cartoon network too aired in 2006 ?
what position did michael nakasone hold at the private , co-educational , college preparatory school in honolulu cdp ?
" what are we doin ' lonesome " is a song written by larry gatlin , an american country and southern gospel singer and part of what ?
who is a filipino racing driver , who raced for status grand prix in the 2012 gp3 series and currently competing for matthieu vaxivière ?
which british model , socialite , television personality , and the daughter of billionaire bernie ecclestone hosted wall of fame ?
club crackers are made by a company founded in what year ?
what is the name of this guatemalan latin pop singer and songwriter , who recorded songs with christian castro and cristian ?
the prodigal daughter is a novel by an author of what nationality ?
robinsons-may was a subsidiary of a company founded by who ?
" the princess and the frog " is a 2009 american animated musical film that is loosely based on what novel by e. d. baker ?
who is the chief executive officer of a leading german automotive manufacturing company based in hanover , lower saxony , germany ?
what was the primary characters of the high fantasy role-playing video game released on september 30 , 2008 on the steam content delivery system ?
leo a. harris was known for his handshake deal with what cartoon character created in 1934 at walt disney productions ?
mark newhouse was the first player to make back-to-back final tables in the main event of a series of poker tournaments sponsored by what corporation ?
honky tonk angels is a collaborative studio album by an american singer who released albums on what label ?
who is best known for playing jake harper in the cbs sitcom " two and a half men " that premiered on cbs on september 26 , 2013 ?
larry johnson is the father of which former american football running back ?
who directed the 2004 danish crime film featuring the 58th bodil awards ?
up at the villa stars which english actor and stage director ?
thunderbirds is a 1952 war film directed by john h. auer , featuring the exploits of which division of the united states army , from 1920 to 1968 ?
i got ta rash/we are thee goblins from canada is what ?
schoolboy crush is a controversial gay pornographic film directed by bryan kocis , released on cobra video , a gay porn film studio , released in which year ?
the queenston delta is now eastern north america during the late ordovician period due to the erosion of a mountain building period that ended most of modern-day ?
the red cedar inn was a full service restaurant and served cocktails , since prohibition had been repealed just before its opening , the inn became popular with travelers on ?
the book mathematical foundations of quantum mechanics was written by a mathematician who passed away in which year ?
the chairman of tata global beverages took over as chairman of tata global on what date ?
who was the bassist for the band that released the song " new perspective " in 2006 ?
candace gertrude flynn is a main character of an animated television series that first appeared in what disney channel series ?
galápagos is the eleventh novel written by which american author , writer , kurt vonnegut jr. , an american writer ?
one percent more humid is a 2017 american drama film starring an english actress who appeared in films such as what ?
southrey is a village in the civil parish of which village and civil parish in the west lindsey district of lincolnshire , england ?
what town is located in the town of egremont , cumbria , england , 5 mi south of whitehaven and on the river ehen ?
zombie night starred which actress who appeared in two and a half men ?
new boston air force station was established in 1942 as a practice area for bombers and fighter planes from nearby what public airport 3 mi south of manchester ?
the kentucky department of corrections is a state agency of a state agency that is headquartered in what river ?
emperor jimmu was the first emperor of japan , according to the japanese imperial year , which emphasizes what ?
who was born first , george young or stephen young ?
ingenious is a one-off drama produced by lime pictures and written by a writer born in which year ?
ovamir anjum is the imam khattab chair of islamic studies at which mystical trend in islam ?
the star of the sport film sinhawalokanaya is a former captain of what ?
leigh-allyn baker provided the voice of abby on the nickelodeon series created by whom ?
pelham davis glassford ( august 8 , 1883 – august 9 , 1959 ) was a united states army officer who attained the rank of brigadier general during world war ?
david wayne hull , is a leader of which white knights of the ku klux klan in history ?
marsha green , was born in which australian paralympic athlete , she won a silver medal and bronze medal at the 1992 barcelona paralympics ?
the black act was led by a british statesman and member of what party ?
when was the organized incorporated territory in which samuel royal thurston was instrumental in the passage land claim ?
who was born first , duane roland or duane roland ?
james van heusen , was an american composer , and wrote songs for films , and won an emmy and how many academy awards for best original song ?
christopher " chris " robin duesterdiek is best known for his work on which 2014 american action comedy film directed by seth rogen and evan goldberg ?
what is a single from the norwegian band turbonegro that was recorded at the first turbonegro rehearsal in january 1989 and only 50 copies ?
ford cd2 platform is the basis for what car that was manufactured by mazda from 1970 to 2002 ?
david p. p. lowy holds what award from the university of new south wales ?
when was the former mexican drug lord which samuel flores borrego protected the ex-leader of the gulf cartel born ?
the rose was what type of theatre that is the fourth of the public theatres to be built , after the theatre ?
which co-founder of the eighth season of the american reality talent show is a co-founder and the lead vocalist of the band no doubt ?
lynyrd skynyrd , is an american rock band best known for popularizing the southern rock genre during the 1970s , originally formed in 1964 , as what ?
race for the pennant was hosted by which retired american baseball pitcher ?
victoria symphony splash is led by what russian symphony music director ?
nba 2k16 is a basketball simulation video game developed by visual concepts and published by 2k sports , there are three different covers for the main game , one featuring ?
" superstar " is the title song from an rock opera written by who ?
jack posobiec was a special projects director of what american political consultant , noted for his use of opposition research usually for candidates of the republican party ?
heinrich gross was an austrian psychiatrist who authorized the t4 under what program ?
ellie parker is a 2005 american drama-comedy film that was played by an english actress who made her screen debut in what film ?
journey into mystery is an american comic book series initially published by an american comic book series which ran by what superhero feature ?
both " both sides now " and " both sides , " are by joni mitchell . who won awards in 2001 ?
text me merry christmas was written by the group that originated in what city ?
what is the population of the city that numidia tv is from ?
songs and dances of death was written by a russian composer who was one of the group known as what ?
what is the capital city of the country with a northern american carnivorous rodent of the family cricetidae ?
javier " javi " martínez aginaga , is a spanish footballer who plays for which german club fc club , and a defensive midfielder or a central defender ?
siân gibson , is a welsh actress and writer , perhaps best known for her collaborations with peter kay , including starring in which british sitcom set around supermarket assistant ?
sulley ali sariki is the younger brother of a ghanaian professional footballer who plays what position ?
pulsed pressure cavitation technique is a method to simulate cavitation damage using repetitive pressure pulses an american multiprogram science and technology national laboratory sponsored by what department ?
love & other drugs is a 2010 american erotic romantic drama comedy film , it stars which american actor , voice actor , comedian and producer ?
joe edward odom was selected in the sixth round of a university located in what city ?
what type of media does house of cosbys and henry cosby have in common ?
the 63d fighter squadron is assigned to a base that is how many miles west of phoenix ?
when was the manager of huddersfield town 's 1994-95 campaign born ?
what is the nationality of the painter who wrote the artwork for " crestfallen " in 1998 ?
" beat it " is a song from an album released by which record label ?
nobody for everybody is the japanese debut ep album by a band formed in what year ?
what is the name of the first spanish conquistadors in the region where charlotte allen allen was born ?
pesco is an italian word meaning meaning what ?
who directed the 2002 american biopic drama film in which mía maestro played carmen martinez ?
in what year was the biographer of " the finest english comic novelist of the second half of the twentieth century born ?
ist das ihr fahrrad mr o ’ brien was an irish biographical radio play about a writer whose satirical columns were written under what name ?
how many schools are in the university where andrew j. elliot is a professor of psychology ?
franklin seaver pratt was a great granddaughter of what american settler of the kingdom of hawaii ?
what position did vladimir fedorov 's husband play ?
who was born first , daniel hurley or daniel s. hurley ?
what pharmaceutical company did sachin h. jain work at ?
warren fu is an american music video director , illustrator and designer , he has directed promos for which american singer , actress , and model ?
when was the american film and television actor born who was a star in both sneaky pete and sneaky pete ?
lake elkhorn is a 37 acre reservoir located in the owen brown area of columbia , a census-designated place in howard county , maryland , in which location ?
what is the name of the autobiography written by the author of the celebrity apprentice 2 ?
when was the club that don holmes played for west coast based at ?
the last voyage of somebody the sailor is a novel by american writer john barth , published in 1991 , eventually he makes his way to " baghdad , " ?
3:10 to yuma is a 2007 american western film directed by james mangold , and starring which american actor and voice actor ?
when was the indian film actor who starred in main prem ki diwani hoon born ?
the japanese occupation of kiska took place between 6 june 1942 and 28 july 1943 during the aleutian islands campaign of the american theater and the pacific theater of world ?
what type of hand does oklahoma city and oklahoma city have in common ?
what character did charlie plummer play in the 2017 british-american drama film written for the screen and directed by andrew haigh ?
the east broad top railroad and coal company , are a for-profit , narrow gauge historic railroad headquartered in which city ?
the maze runner is a series of young adult dystopian science fiction novels written by a novel published on what date ?
charice is the first international studio album by a singer who rose to popularity through what ?
what is the name of the railway line that is operated by canadian pacific railway through its primary united states subsidiary ?
games done quick is a biannual charity game speedrun charity has been handled by a live streaming video platform owned by what company ?
" electron blue " is a song by an american musician best known as co-founder of what band ?
when was the first king to start a production of coins born ?
zipporah potter atkins was a free african american woman who owned land in colonial boston , and was one of the earliest african-american landowners in what colony ?
according to the 2010 census , what was the population of the town in which annalee dolls is located ?
michael lent is best known as the co-writer of a reality television series that premiered on what date ?
indian mound cottage was owned by a co-founder of what company ?
maryland 's 6th congressional district is currently represented by what american politician and businessman who is running for president of the united states in 2020 ?
what is the name of the british politician who was the oldest living former prime minister of the united kingdom and leader of the conservative party in 1992 ?
ngc 166 was an american astronomer who discovered many new general catalogue objects together with a spiral galaxy that was discovered by francis preserved in what year ?
the isaacs are a country and bluegrass gospel music group consisting of mother lily isaacs , and daughters becky and sonya isaacs , and which album ?
angela down starred which english campaigner for the suffragette movement , a prominent left communist and , later , an activist in the cause of anti-fascism ?
klepto is a 2003 straight-to-dvd independent thriller film starring an american actress best known for her role in what nickelodeon show ?
who starred in the animated comedy television series created by matthew senreich and zeb wells ?
which actor who appeared in little fugitive was born on june 11 , 1969 ?
robert gale is principal trombone with an american singer who has reportedly sold how many records worldwide ?
what year did michael bean star in the 2009 fantasy film directed by terry gilliam ?
pawn stars uk is a british adaption of a british reality television series which debuted on what date ?
what type of media does mortdecai and lisa munn have in common ?
in what square are the headquarters of the developer of kingdom hearts 358/2 days ?
bob pruett has coached many high-profile national football league players , including a former american football wide receiver who holds what nfl record ?
hall of fame racing was created by which former american football quarterback ?
the 2012 hawaii warriors football team were led by what conference that began operations in july 1999 ?
mclemore avenue is a 1970 album consisting entirely of mostly instrumental covers of songs from a road that is best known for what ?
hofstadter 's law is a self-referential time-related adage coined by an american what ?
the 1962 italian grand prix was a formula one motor race held at monza on 16 september 1962 , the 86-lap race was won by which british driver ?
tedrow is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in southwestern dover township , ohio , it 's an unincorporated community and census-designated place in southwestern dover township , fulton county ?
the bb postcode area is a group of postcode districts around which town in lancashire , england , with a population of 73,021 ?
croydon airport was the main airport for what major international airport in south-east england ?
what electoral division in new south wales is part of the local government area of the city of sydney ?
what is a scientific journal that was founded in paris , france , in 1789 , that had a french physicist as a french physicist ?
the least powers is a label used to conceptualize italy 's international status , italy is part of great power concerts such as which international forum for the governments and ?
what does people 's party and liberal conservatism have in common ?
what is the 2016 census of the city that mervyn mervyn barrington-foote is from ?
ethiopian airlines , the national airline of ethiopia , has a good safety record , by contrast to other african airlines , the company wrote off 36 aircraft , including ?
antônio carlos silva ( born september 14 , 1979 ) is a brazilian mixed martial artist who formerly competed in the heavyweight division of the ufc , known for being ?
what is the second of the two " hand of thrawn " novels written by timothy zahn ?
who was born first , conrad ii or conrad ii ?
alligator is a 1980 american horror film starring an american playwright who was nominated for an academy award for his role in what ?
the rap game is an american reality television series , the winners of which american rapper , singer , and producer ?
the supreme political , administrative , and representative organ of the kingdom of majorca , who abdicated in favour of his son louis , abdicated in what throne ?
live wood , released in 1994 , was a concert hall on the northern edge of south kensington , london , which holds the proms concerts annually each summer since ?
the university that eduard schweizer taught at is over how many students ?
q q , was an author and one-time missionary who is widely credited as being the inspiration for ian fleming 's james bond 's q bond quartermaster q q q ?
oc transpo route 97 ends at a mall that attracts how many visitors per year ?
who founded a professional american football team that was an offensive guard in the national football league ( nfl ) for seven seasons during the 1980s ?
who was the main songwriter for oasis in support of their hugely successful album " definitely maybe " ?
what is a royal air force station in the british overseas territory of the falkland islands with a population of 2,121 ?
dobara phir se is a 2016 pakistani romantic drama film , directed by mehreen jabbar and a production of which pakistani media mogul ?
who was born first , elliot fletcher or elliot fletcher ?
bloomingdale firehouse , also known as the brown square station , is a historic former firehouse at 267 plantation street/676 franklin street in worcester , massachusetts ?
100 million bc is an alleged military experiment supposed to have been carried out by the u.s. navy at which shipyard ?
" with or without you " is a song by which irish rock band , and britain 's got talent " winner jai mcdowall ?
the pontiac 2+2 is a full size automobile that was manufactured by an automobile that was built by pontiac in what years ?
box codax is a band from glasgow , scotland , it is made up of nick mccarthy of which german-english musician , a german-english musician ?
sara symington ( born 25 september 1969 ) is an english former professional cyclist , symington started her elite triathlon career whilst combining studying for a master 's degree with ?
werner christie is serving in the cabinet of the politician who served as director-general of what organization from 1998 to 2003 ?
what is the middle name of the current assistant coach at premier league club swansea city ?
how many members are in the senate that ken pruitt was born in ?
hard rock stadium is a multipurpose football stadium located in what american football conference between the american football conference ?
straight to hell is the third studio album by a warning label first introduced by who ?
what profession does kara ross and stephen m. ross have in common ?
which soviet intelligence officer was shot down for bridge of spies ?
when was the american rock musician died who 's album is planet earth rock and roll orchestra ?
cindy williams is an award-winning news anchor for the nbc-affiliated television station that broadcasts a high definition digital signal on what channel ?
docks is a nightclub that included the band formed in what city in 1983 ?
home : original motion picture soundtrack is the soundtrack album for which song recorded by barbadian singer rihanna for the soundtrack to the 2015 film " home " ?
michael whitham went on to become a trainer at which football club based in 1873 ?
what american professional basketball player for the new orleans pelicans of the national basketball association ( nba ) was featured on nba 2k16 ?
brady haran is the co-host of the podcast published by whom ?
miroslav přerost is currently the head coach of a junior ice hockey team that was hosted in what city ?
what is a 1987 made for tv crime drama that aired on hbo on december 26 , 1987 directed by lesli linka glatter and starring powers allen boothe ?
what team did michael carter-williams play for that was the 51st season of the nba in the national basketball association ?
" this ole house " is a popular song written by stuart hamblen , and published in 1954 , his recording and performing career began when ?
the 80th cotton bowl classic was played in a stadium that serves as the home of what nfl team ?
roy lassiter is the father of which los angeles suburb ?
" walking with elephants " is a song by which lithuanian producer who is best known for " walking with elephants " ?
air kilroe is a british airline whose head office is at what international airport situated at kirmington ?
bure family wines had a partnership with which former ice hockey right winger ?
what is the name of the multi-use sports and recreation facility in kiev , ukraine that is home to football club dynamo kyiv ?
james m. kennedy is the current chair of an american media proprietor that has a privately held media empire that includes what ?
iva pacetti made her professional opera debut in an opera that was given its premiere in what city ?
john nyskohus played football for which soccer club based in adelaide , south australia ?
mike robbie was the son of the politician who was of what nationality ?
who is best known for her role in a 1994 new zealand psychological drama directed by peter jackson ?
valuair was acquired by the low-cost airline based in what city ?
love child starred the actress who was nominated for the academy award for best supporting actress for what film ?
the triangle shirtwaist factory fire was named after which seventh new york city fire commissioner ?
what is the name of the parliamentary system of government modelled after that developed the constitution of alberta ?
donald parks baker was the former richmond bureau chief of the washington post between 1985 and 1999 , before joining the washington post in 1970 , with the indianapolis times ?
the fourier number was named after a mathematician of what nationality ?
kfst ( 860 am ) is a radio station broadcasting to which athletic teams that represent the university of texas at austin ?
the scarlet letter is a 1995 american romantic drama film , it stars which english actor , filmmaker , musician and author who has performed in theatre ?
who directed the 2012 french drama film that chantal thomas starred in ?
what year was the writer of " what i saw : reports from berlin , 1920-1933 " born ?
the english general election , 1690 occurred after the dissolution of the convention parliament summoned in the aftermath of what king ?
max hell frog warrior is a 1996 martial arts sci fi cult film , it stars which american actor , director and producer ?
jamil walker was born in a city that is the third most populous city in new york , with what ?
eleven : a music company is an australian record label known for its small but successful roster , currently including which australian musician , singer , and songwriter ?
jolyon james performed the role of the singer-songwriter who was of what nationality ?
what does stitch 's great escape ! and extraterrorestrial alien encounter have in common ?
who produced the movie that " no matter what " was featured in ?
philadelphia , here i come ! is a 1964 play by which irish dramatist , short story writer and founder of the field day theatre company ?
the wiener werkstätte in 1903 marked a break into a philosophical movement that took place during which centuries ?
stuart pankin appeared in the 1987 psychological thriller directed by whom ?
" santa bring my baby back ( to me ) " is a 1957 song by which american singer and musician ?
" du riechst so gut " is a song that is said to be inspired by which 1985 literary historical cross-genre novel ?
what is the real name of the lead singer of the band that released the album " murmur " ?
when was the father of hugh dowding born ?
" what the water gave me " is a song by an english indie rock band that was completed in what year ?
marguerite pitre is a canadian conspirator who carried out an crimes that are punishable by death are known as what ?
what english professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for premier league club manchester united won the 2011 fa community shield ?
what country of origin does chikku bukku rayile and suresh peters have in common ?
wrestlemania xxx was the thirtieth annual wrestlemania professional wrestling pay-per-view ( ppv ) event produced by wwe , a domed sports and exhibition venue located in the central business district ?
atlas shrugged is a trilogy based on a novel by a man that had a philosophical system called what ?
skye mccole appeared in the 2005 new zealand-american supernatural horror film directed by whom ?
robert blake " frank " blake was a longtime protégé of an american businessman who was the chairman and chief executive officer of who ?
grace nail johnson was a civil rights activist and patron of the arts , and wife of which writer best remembered for the advancement of colored people ?
this 2003 drama film edited and directed by gus van sant was the president of the jury went to which film ?
beyond the edge is a 2013 new zealand 3d docudrama about historical ascent of a new zealand mountaineer led by who ?
the 2012–13 seton hall pirates men 's basketball team played its home games at which multi-purpose indoor arena ?
chip zien is best known for playing the lead role of the baker in the original broadway production of " into the woods " by who ?
jaroslav kvapil , was a czech poet , playwright , and librettist , from 1900 he was a director and dramaturg at the kingdom of bohemia , sometimes in english ?
the 2015 crossfit games were held at which multiple-use sports complex on the west coast of the united states , located on the campus of california state university ?
what is the name of this multi-purpose stadium in pyongyang , north korea , where the largest professional wrestling pay-per-view ( ppv ) event in history took place ?
" blagsnarst , a love story " is the third episode and season finale of the eleventh season of a tv show that aired on what channel ?
when did the album that niall horan worked on release ?
doug douglas " doug " basham jr. ( born may 12 , 1971 ) is an american professional wrestler , he is best known for his appearances with world wrestling ?
the 2015 mtv video music awards were hosted by taylor swift who co-wrote the song with which producers ?
what kind of group does queens sessions and era vulgaris have in common ?
the horten h.ix , was a german prototype fighter/bomber initially designed by which reimar , it was the first flying wing to be powered by jet engines ?
the indirect presidential election was held in south africa on 6 may 2009 , jacob zuma of the ruling african national congress won the election with 277 votes ( 13 ?
grace claxton is a puerto rican hurdler and sprinter who represented puerto rico at which event ?
the killer world tour was a concert tour by an english heavy metal band who sold how many albums ?
who was born first , us airways flight 1549 or chesley burnett ?
who is a three-time all american professional basketball player in the nba and a smooth jazz bass guitarist ?
who played the role of eve donovan in the american daytime drama series " one life to live " and blair cramer ?
tales of old grand daddy is noted for being the recording debut of an australian hard rock band formed by who ?
don ashley turlington graduated from which private catholic liberal arts college in maine , maine that grants bachelor 's degrees in a traditional on-campus setting ?
brady sullivan plaza , formerly known as the hampshire plaza , is a 259 ft , 20-story high-rise located at which location , in manchester , new hampshire ?
the cheetah girls was an american girl group consisting of a singer-songwriter born in what year ?
what is the nationality of the player who was traded to the philadelphia 76ers in the 1999 nba draft ?
who was born first , bobby keys or joe keys ?
richard " rick " howland is a canadian actor known for his role as harry buttman on a parody of what national hockey league ?
gail matthius 's father was best known for his tenure as a cast member on what film ?
winnipeg jewish theatre is based in a province that covers how many people ?
lock , stock and two smoking barrels is a 1998 british crime comedy film starring a british actor and former what ?
the lodger starred which english-american actor known for his roles in raiders of the lost ark and enchanted april ?
who wrote the tragic play on which the song " what is a youth " was nominated for two other awards ?
the cathedral of jesus saviour of the world 's largest city is located in a country that had how many inhabitants ?
jackie deshannon is best known as the composer of a 1961 song written by who ?
who hosted a british game show that aired on itv from 13 september 2003 to 7 august 2004 ?
" little green apples " is a song written by bobby russell and released by a recording artist that has been awarded how many grammy ?
the president of israel was elected to the president of israel in what year ?
how many season did the third season of the american drama/adventure television series take place ?
thug misses is the debut album by a rapper that has sold how many records worldwide ?
which star of " live show " was born on march 10 , 1971 ?
brian newman is married to an american jazz musician who is married to angie pontani , and who else ?
downtown summerlin shopping center is part of a mixed-use development downtown that occupies how many acres ?
the battle of white plains was a battle in the new york and new jersey campaign of the american revolutionary war , following the retreat of george washington 's continental ?
where was the spanish-born mexican filmmaker who worked with josé baviera worked for ?
what country is the older brother of artūras javtokas born in ?
the testimony was produced by which american film producer and businessman ?
extract is a 2009 american comedy film written and directed by mike judge , and starring which american actress , comedian , writer , and producer ?
what english actor , director , novelist , playwright and poet starred in east of piccadilly released in the us as the strangler ?
what is the smallest african bovine across the top of the head natural home to malawi 's black rhino population ?
diego rubén tonetto is an argentine professional footballer , who plays for which law of italy governing the acquisition , transmission and loss of italian citizenship ?
anthony mcpartlin , known collectively as ant & dec , are an english comedy tv presenting , acting and former music duo from where ?
syed zaigham hussain zaidi was the personal photographer of a pakistani politician who served as prime minister of pakistan during what years ?
ashton town association football club is currently members of a football competition that operates four divisions where ?
adam gubman composed music for the video games that is based in what country ?
the love ranch is owned and operated by an american brothel whose brothels are the moonlite bunnyranch in what ?
lee young-sun ( born 21 february 1974 ) is a retired female javelin thrower from south korea , athletics , contested from october 7 to october 14 at the 2002 ?
the huck finn jubilee is an annual three-day bluegrass event held in ontario , california , the event is also the west coast ’ s biggest bluegrass festival , with ?
jean fantin is best known for having his ship stolen by a man who was of what nationality ?
what country does little brown stein and little brown stein have in common ?
david lance " dave " arneson was an american game designer best known for co-developing the first published what ?
viking : the ultimate obstacle course was broadcast in part by the great known as what ?
steven quincy urkel is a fictional character on the abc/cbs sitcom " family matters " , who was portrayed by which american actor ?
takura tendayi co-wrote the song " wait your turn " on which album ?
what position did marlon samuels play in the 2000 icc knockout trophy ?
which song by richard georg strauss was composed by richard strauss ?
samuel rickards was a writer of what movement of high church members of the church of england which eventually developed into anglo-catholicism ?
messe i.x-vi.x is the ninth studio album by a norwegian experimental musical collective founded by who ?
francine lee smith is a fictional character on the animated sitcom created by whom ?
which 1988 american road comedy-drama film did valeria golino star in ?
what is the italian name for the football club that gabriel barbosa plays for ?
langtry roy bean , jr. , was an eccentric u.s. in which unincorporated community in val verde county , texas , united states ?
the experts network is an interactive digital sports network consisting of sports analysts an american former national football league defensive end , and sports analyst who played in the nfl ?
the thornton river is a tributary of what national park that encompasses part of the blue ridge mountains in the u.s. state of virginia ?
when did the writer of grace & favour die ?
what county is michael ola a member of ?
good luck charlie , is a 2011 christmas film based on the disney channel original series " good luck charlie " , it stars which american-canadian character actor ?
dr. seuss ' the cat in the hat is a 2003 american family comedy film directed by bo welch , it stars which american production designer and director ?
jim 's journal is a comic strip written and drawn by scott dikkers , co-founder of which american digital media company ?
inter hoped to improve from past seasons , were given to hakan şükür , an irish professional footballer who plays as a forward for indian club atk , he served ?
press tv has been the subject of the player who is currently the associate director of what company ?
what star of license to drive also appeared in more than 80 movies ?
raymond robertsen was born in what county ?
dr michael adrian stroud , is an expert on human health under extreme conditions , he became widely known when he partnered ranulph fiennes , on polar expeditions , on ?
theme park hotel is a hotel in a hill that was otherwise known as what ?
who was born first , erich michel or erich michel ?
who is a mexican singer , actress , model , fashion designer and recording artist that starred in " amy , la niña de la mochila azul " ?
what is a 1985 american anthology horror film directed by lewis teague and directed by anurag kashyap and co-produced by vishal bhardwaj and kumar mangat ?
i love lee tae-ri starred which south korean actor and singer ?
jack & jack is best known for their 2014 single " wild life " , an extended play ( ep ) by the american pop-rap duo jack & jack ?
what is the name of the record company that released the album that still reigning in 2005 ?
james carlos " jimmy " mcnatt was an all-american basketball player for what team that represents the university of oklahoma in men 's ncaa division i basketball ?
the battle of san jacinto , fought on april 21 , 1836 , in present-day harris county , texas , in present-day harris county , texas , in present-day harris ?
emily bergl , is an english-american actress , she is best known for her role as rachel lang in which american comedy-drama television series ?
the 2017–18 philadelphia 76ers season was plagued with an american professional basketball player who playing college basketball for what team ?
gus birney is an american actress , best known for her role as alex in a science fiction-horror thriller series consisting of how many episodes ?
where was the singer of " pon de replay " born ?
in what year was the coach of the los angeles team who won five of their first seven games born ?
the battle of hightower took place in a battle also known as what ?
muramasa sengo , was a famous swordsmith who lived the muramasa school and lived during the muromachi period ( 14th to 16th centuries ) in japan , oscar ratti and ?
the voyage is a wooden roller coaster located near a theme park that is divided into how many sections ?
what county is trace state park located in ?
charles carroll was born in a county named for who ?
caroline johnson johnson ( born 1978 ) is a british conservative party politician and consultant , she has been the member of parliament ( mp ) for sleaford and north ?
who is an english professional footballer who plays as either an attacking midfielder , winger or a forward for premier league club huddersfield town . ?
worthy in the creation of the james a. garfield monument was created by which president of the united states ?
wags atlanta is what type of television series that premiered on august 18 , 2015 ?
the hills valley weekly is part of a weekly newspaper that is the publisher of how many free suburban weekly newspapers together covering the adelaide metropolitan area ?
what is the name of the 14th largest city in the 14th largest city in georgia ?
the suburb of walkley heights is located in a prison built in what year ?
where is the venue of the opera in which the title character of " festival opera " is based ?
thomas shaw was a recipient of america 's highest military decoration by what organization ?
where was the ice hockey championship held in which brock boeser was selected 23rd overall in the 2015 nhl entry draft ?
spanish valley , utah is south of a river that drains through which river ?
gloria s. butler is a senate democrat from a city located in which part of dekalb county ?
" outside of heaven " is a popular music song written by sammy gallop and chester conn , a recording by eddie fisher with hugo winterhalter 's orchestra and chorus ?
the boren-mccurdy proposals reform proposals are two legislative proposals from senator david boren and which american university administrator and politician from the state of oklahoma ?
kevin yorn is an american entertainment attorney who co-founded an australian actor who played the role of josh taylor in what soap opera ?
the 2013 america east men 's lacrosse tournament took place in a stadium that began in what year ?
sde airlines is a focus city for the airline headquartered in what city ?
what host of umm-e-kulsoom was born in lahore , pakistan ?
what upcoming roller coaster will be the tallest roller coaster in the world ?
the black star line ( 1919−1922 ) was a shipping line incorporated by a movement known as what ?
in what city was the 52nd nhl entry draft held at the wells fargo center ?
the boardwalk-themed rollercoaster is a rollercoaster that is the longest ride with an inversion rollercoaster that is a themed land at what adventure adventure based on victorian boardwalks ?
a flexible-fuel vehicle is a vehicle that uses hydrogen fueled with an alternative combustion engine designed from what ?
yves apollinaire sand made sand paintings of well-known personalities such as which south african anti-apartheid revolutionary , politician , and philanthropist ?
the supreme court of the united states adjudicated allegations that prisoners were unlawfully imprisoned by an american lawyer and politician from where ?
dr. christopher mont became an agent of thomas cromwell , 1st earl of essex , who served in what state ?
what is the name of this american car manufactured by ford . ?
adolf wilhelm was born in a germanic ethnic group native to who ?
daniela scalia was born in a city with approximately how many inhabitants ?
a jack-in-the-box is a children 's toy that use " pop goes goes the weasel ” which has a roud folk song index number of what ?
meri beti is a pakistani drama serial that aired on a pakistani television network founded by who ?
what was the nickname of the manager of the miami marlins in 2016 ?
meir vilner , was an israeli communist and yiddish poet , writer and partisan leader , of which organization , in 1948 ?
what division did larry mosley and shane mosley have in common ?
one of the most powerful figures in the nazi party ( nsdap ) that ruled germany from 1933 to 1945 is a recipient of what ?
manni sandhu is a uk-based music director known for working with a number of punjabi singers such as what bhangra singer ?
hermann giesler , was a german architect during the nazi era , one of the two architects most favoured and rewarded by adolf hitler , was a german architect who ?
which creator of " the telltale head " is the creator of the comic strip " life in hell " ?
skindles was a hotel in maidenhead , england , the hotel appears in which 1949 british black comedy film ?
ludwig van beethoven 's piano sonata no . 16 in g major , was composed between 1801 and 1802 , in which german composer and pianist ?
future rhythm is the fourth album from an alternative hip hop group from what city in california ?
ross pople has worked with which french composer and conductor ?
the gerstein report was written in 1945 by kurt gerstein , an obersturmführer ( first lieutenant ) of the waffen-ss who rose to become the head of technical disinfection services ?
" show 'em ( what you 're made of ) " is a song by a singer inducted into who ?
what is the full name of the author of " i write what i like : selected writings by steve biko " ?
susan stafford is best known as the hostess of what ?
" computing machinery and intelligence " is a seminal paper written by a scientist that died in what year ?
alexander alexander scammel wadsworth was an officer of the united states navy , a conflict fought between which states ?
randal johnson malone was born in a city that is located on u.s. route 60 ?
in what category was the sound engineer for the 1992 american action-thriller film directed by andrew davis nominated for an academy award ?
serge haroche was a professor at what american nobel-laureate physicist at the national institute of standards and technology ( nist ) ?
veu was an american subscription television channel owned by a defunct american subscription television service that was owned by what company ?
comhairle na dteachtaí was an irish republican parliament established by a prominent politician who resigned as president in what year ?
lewis cunningham broadus was a veteran of a conflict that took place in which region of america ?
" here i am " is the third single from which second album , produced by drumma boy , an american actress , author , and rapper ?
lady elizabeth delmé , an oil on canvas portrait , is a national art museum in washington , d.c. , the core collection includes major works of art donated by ?
the magic mouse allows only one-button mice with its computers beginning with who ?
marko dmitrović plays for a football team founded in what city ?
río grande is a town in the province that has how many inhabitants in 2001 ?
national stadium station ( thai : สถานีสนามกีฬาแห่งชาติ ; rgts ; sanam kila haeng chat ) is a bts skytrain station , a bts skytrain station , on the silom line ?
the rhymers ' club was a group of london-based male poets , founded in 1890 by w. b. yeats and ernest rhys , a grade ii listed what ?
the pajottenland ( in english occasionally payottenland ) is a distinct region within the flemish brabant province of belgium , the pajottenland is predominantly farmland , with occasional gently rolling ?
when was the developer of the alpher–bethe–gamow paper died ?
ali eren balıkel was the fourth child of a civil servant who won three consecutive bafta awards for what ?
when was the singer who released the album " chapter ii " born ?
yellow is the second studio album by what british rock band ?
" rain " is the second song released by " australian idol " series two runner-up , which song by american music duo simon & garfunkel ?
when was the australian dramatic coloratura soprano who sang with simon gilbert born ?
carlo buccirosso appeared in a 2013 italian art drama film that premiered at what festival ?
paul t. boudreau was drafted by what former american football running back ?
the rijksmuseum is located close to what dutch architect who restored a large number of monuments ?
" restless " is a 1968 song written by carl perkins in a new all-star recording by who ?
ocean park hong kong is located in which theme park owned and managed by hong kong international theme parks ?
who was born first , paul avery or paul hearst ?
the christmas tree is a 1996 american made-for-television christmas drama film starring an american actress who won how many emmy awards ?
what country of origin does shirin in love and nazanin boniadi have in common ?
although caning was the second high-profile foreigner after a sentenced involving an american citizen who was the subject of what ?
where is the headquarters of the airline which operated the scheduled passenger flight on behalf of united express flight 3411 ?
" on the radio " is the first single from a power ballad written by who ?
when was the manager of southampton f.c born ?
who distributed the first studio album by south korean singer-songwriter kim jong-hyun ?
what poem was written by a lithuanian poet and physician ?
who was the son of the former captain of the indian cricket team ?
when was the first component of progress ms-09 first launched into orbit ?
tosh.0 , is an american television series hosted and produced by comedian daniel tosh , known for his deliberately offensive and controversial style of black comedy , as the star ?
gyara hazar ladkian is a 1962 hindi romantic social drama film directed by k. a. abbas , the film was co-produced by who ?
raphael holzhauser is an austrian football midfielder who plays for what austrian association football club ?
wrigley park , also called fourth ward , is a neighborhood located north of broadway in which neighbourhood located north of broadway in paterson , new jersey ?
what is the name of the cameroonian footballer who plays central defender for the sc bastia reserves and academy ?
surada is a town in a town located in which part of india ?
adam mckenzie previously played for a minor league team that played their home games at what arena ?
what is the best known novel by alexander louis ’ s best known novel ?
what is the name of the administrative centre of sverdlovsk oblast located in the middle of the eurasian continent ?
what is the middle name of the african jazz singer featured in " would you like to take a walk ? " ?
who was the nanny of mary-kay wilmers who became a nanny in the household of mary-kay wilmers ?
andrew stuart fastow ( born december 22 , 1961 ) is a convicted criminal and businessman who was the chief financial officer of enron corporation , an energy trading company ?
what is the name of the sister of the editor-in-chief of " playboy " magazine ?
edgar eugene roland , born august 3 , 1963 and record producer , he 's an american musician , singer-songwriter and record producer ?
when was the video game in which andrew shearer was the voice of gord in the 2006 video game bully released ?
reverend timothy " tim " lovejoy is a recurring character in the animated television series " the simpsons " , together with reverend lovejoy , he spreads the religious belief ?
a special economic zone ( sez ) is an area in which business and trade laws are different from rest of the country , sezs are a special economic zone ?
male nilluvavarege ( 2015 ) is a kannada film directed by mohan shankar , was a swiss author and dramatist , he died on which date ?
" this one 's for the children " is a 1989 single from new kids sung sung by a singer of what nationality ?
john paesano is a film composer who won an award for composing what ?
anil kumar gupta , was a senior partner and director at management consulting firm mckinsey & company , co-founded , silicon valley and where ?
inspiring generation , is a 2014 south korean television series , stars include kim hyun-joong , a south korean actor and singer , and the leader and main rapper of ?
what is the name of this 2015 south korean crime thriller film directed by son yong-ho . park sung-woong and directed by son yong-ho . park sung-woong ?
what show did brian routh star in that was born on october 9 , 1979 ?
derek knee was the interpreter and translator for what senior british army officer who fought in both the first world war and the second world war ?
where is the band that released the song " my wicked heart " formed ?
true compass is the posthumous memoir of which member of the kennedy family for many years ?
the london eye is a giant ferris wheel on the south bank of a road that is crossing crossing crossing crossing crossing ?
richardson square mall was an enclosed shopping center located in which american privately held regional fast food restaurant chain , based in san antonio , texas ?
how many grands prix wins did the winner of the winner of three times in the history of formula one ?
what movie did sigourney weaver star in that was filmed at the 20th century fox studios in los angeles , california ?
what type of media does black jesus and charles murphy have in common ?
the uss " arizona " memorial on the island of oahu honors the dead that was designed by who ?
" every breaking wave " is a song from an album released by which record label ?
what awards has the actor who played nicole kidman in " days of thunder " won ?
which star of krystal was born on november 27 , 1956 ?
red is the fourth studio album by american singer-songwriter taylor swift whose tour began on what date in nebraska , nebraska ?
which host of the challenge is an american bmx rider ?
vinessa shaw is an american film actress who starred in a 1999 erotic drama film based on what novella ?
ransom is a 1996 american crime thriller film starring an american actor who has been nominated for what ?
" quiet in heaven " / " song of liberty " is a double a-side single , and is the only official release , by faith no more , an ?
red flash is a soft drink created in what year , by grover c. thomsen and r.h. roark in waco , texas ?
the victoria 's secret fashion show is an annual fashion show sponsored by which south african top model , best known for her work with victoria 's secret ?
death of cook is the name of several paintings depicting the death of a bay located on what coast ?
what airport is located 12 km west of the czech charter airline and the biggest airline in the czech republic ?
stamford baron is part of the town south of what river that was a civil parish in the church of england ?
holly black " née " riggenbach " is an american writer and editor best known for " the spiderwick chronicles " , a series of children 's fantasy books she ?
the people 's choice classic is in close proximity to what street ?
yoann lemoine ( born 16 march 1983 ) is a french music video director , graphic designer and singer-songwriter , his most notable works include taylor swift 's single video ?
janet williams is an american soprano who has won international critical acclaim for performances at the metropolitan opera , his recordings have earned him five what ?
john david souther , known professionally as j.d , is an american singer and songwriter , he has written and co-written songs recorded by which american popular music and country ?
" not about angels " is a song that is one of the theme songs for which sixth novel by author john green , published in january 2012 ?
lee sun-mi is a south korean singer who debuted in a girl group that final line-up consisted of who ?
which actor from the 2017 action crime comedy baby driver was born july 26 , 1959 ?
four minute warning is from which english pop music group ?
what is the institution of the university in which morrill hall is located ?
the civil defense forces ( cdf ) was a paramilitary organization that fought in the sierra leone civil war ( 1991–2002 ) , it supported the elected government of which ?
what is the name of the freestyle dance move in the ripples to house music that has roots in the house of chicago ?
the four iii is the final installment of what trilogy that was directed by gordon chan and janet chun ?
megan phelps-roper 's mother is best known as the former spokesperson of the westboro baptist church of where ?
what is the name of the subgenre of dark wave music that dandelion wine is based on ?
the vanishing is a dutch-french thriller film adapted from a psychological thriller published as what ?
sings the country music hall of fame hits , vol . 2 , is an album by an american pianist often known by what nickname ?
bordan tkachuk ( ) is a british business executive , the former ceo of viglen , also known from his appearances on the bbc-produced british version of the apprentice ?
what is the second edition of the college football bowl game played at tropicana field in st. petersburg , florida ?
the 2017 european short course swimming championships will take place in copenhagen , denmark , the ground was broken for construction on which date ?
what is the species of the species of the genus that the humanzee is named after ?
the johann strauss orchestra was founded by a violinist of what nationality ?
sun-woo " sunny " kim , is a retired south korean professional baseball pitcher of the korea baseball organization , he has previously played in major league baseball for which ?
" grow some funk of your own " is a song by an english singer who owned what club from 1976 to 1987 ?
what is the title of the 1985 dystopian novel written by scott michael smith ?
rotrou iii , was the count of perche and mortagne from 1099 , he was the son of geoffrey ii , count of perch , and beatrix de ramerupt ?
who is a retired german professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper and is a retired german professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper ?
steven s. crompton is best known as the artist for a fantasy role-playing game first published in 1975 by who ?
peter pan live is a television special that featured an american stage and film lead and character actor who appeared in what 1978 movie ?
robert jan van pelt was an expert witness in the civil libel suit brought by what english holocaust denier ?
edgar linton is a fictional character in emily brontë 's novel " wuthering heights " , written between october 1845 and june 1846 , " wuthering heights " , was ?
the charlie brown christmas is a 1965 animated television special based on what comic strip ?
" money trees " is a song from an album that was preceded by what studio album ?
what is the name of this open world action-adventure beat 'em up video game franchise that yakuza kiwami is a remake of ?
the supergrass starred which english actress and comedian ?
what year was the singer of the twelfth studio album " angel of retribution " born ?
eclipse group was a private intelligence agency run by which cia officer , who was also the founding director of the cia counterterrorist center ?
the shard , also referred to as the shard of glass , is a 95-storey skyscraper in southwark , in which country ?
who is the younger sister of charles " chuck " hirshberg ?
" ... ready for it ? " is a song recorded by taylor swift for her sixth studio album , " reputation " , released on which date ?
gervase duan performed alongside an american actor who is widely known for his academy award-winning performances as what character ?
" jump around " is a hit song by american hip hop group house of pain , an american music magazine that billed itself as " the ultimate guide to ?
in what year did daniel patrick " pat " moynihan win the senate election in new york ?
japan airlines co. , ltd. , ( jal ) , is the flag carrier airline of japan and the second largest in the country behind all nippon airways , jal ?
brigadier-general william william bromley-davenport , 1st earl of balfour was a british soldier , footballer and conservative politician and politician , and held with whom ?
agnes body was the founding head of a hospital located on what road ?
raden panji nugroho notosusanto served as professor of history at an armed conflict and diplomatic struggle between the republic of indonesia and what empire ?
mount stimson is part of a national park that encompasses how many acres ?
what is a historical novel by james fenimore cooper that was written by simon walker ?
the 2014 travelers all-star curling skins game was held at what american insurance company that is incorporated in minnesota , connecticut ?
the color purple starred which ghanaian actress ?
the composer of prelude for clarinet in b-flat major is best known for what ?
deborah joy winans is an american actress and singer , and member of the musical winans family , an american family of gospel music artists from where ?
jayaraj rajasekharan , often credited as jayaraj , is an indian malayali filmmaker known for directing mainstream as well as art house films , his notable film include veeram ?
who was born first , shirley black black ?
td garden , often called boston garden and " the garden " , is a non-profit museum currently located in which multi-purpose arena in boston , massachusetts ?
yakuza 0 is an action-adventure video game developed and published by sega for the playstation 3 and playstation 4 , it was released in japan for playstation 3 and for ?
what is the middle name of the host of the daily howler ?
mitzi patricia kremer ( born march 18 , 1968 ) , later known by her married name mitzi tighe , is an american former competition swimmer who represented the united ?
what does k. k. schott and peter k. trippe have in common ?
how many days did the opening match match of the football coach who was formerly the coach of bangkok bank fc ?
sir arthur noel anderson , was a senior british army officer who saw service in both world wars , he is mainly remembered as the commander of the british first ?
jake and the fatman stars an american television , film and stage actor who is best known for his roll as derek mitchell in what series ?
vincent drucci was a friend of the mobster who was sometimes known by what nickname ?
anna karenina is a 2012 british historical romance film directed by joe wright , adapted by which english actor ?
according to the 2010 census , what was the population of the county in which polk county is located ?
the coalwood way ( 2000 ) is the second memoir in a series of three , by homer hickam , jr. it is a story of growing up in a ?
how many times did the head coach of the unlv runnin ' rebels basketball team win 20 games in his career ?
who was born first , francis schaeffer or francis schaeffer schaeffer ?
" # rehash " is the tenth episode in the eighteenth season of which american animated television series ?
where was the singer of " curious " born ?
" nobody 's hero " is a song by the drummer and primary lyricist for what band ?
harold brent bogart ( born december 19 , 1898 – october 5 , 1986 ) was an american film producer , he is best remembered for producing " casablanca " ?
arthur quinlan interviewed which argentine marxist revolutionary , physician , author , guerrilla leader , diplomat and military theorist ?
what country of origin does pamela wallace and witness have in common ?
cold hard bitch was written by which australian guitarist ?
viktor schauberger was born in a village with a border with what republic ?
what shopping mall opened in 1968 along with a shopping mall in houston , texas on interstate 45 ?
what position did jennifer granholm granholm hold for the former head of gawker 's content sales department of gawker media ?
" change " is a song on an album released by which record label ?
visionplus is a financial software application from a company headquartered in what city ?
peter helliar appeared in this australian romantic comedy film released in what year ?
ayers john crabbe is an australian murderer currently imprisoned in a formation of what ?
the leicester panthers were a british american football team , formed in 1984 and disbanded in 1996 who played home games at saffron lane sports centre , the club can ?
what is one of the bantu languages that is spoken by the kongo and ndundu people living in the tropical forests of the congo , the republic of the congo ?
what year did the maine democratic presidential caucuses took place in maine ?
frankenweenie is a 2012 american 3d stop-motion-animated fantasy horror comedy film directed by tim burton , the voice cast includes catherine anne o'hara , a canadian-american actress , writer ?
c. bernard jackson , was an award-winning american playwright who founded the inner city cultural center in los angeles , the facility nurtured the careers of numerous performers including which ?
somebody up there likes me is a 1956 american drama film based on the life of which resident set decorator at mgm studios for over 40 years ?
where is the hotel and casino that christopher nicholas sarantakos is an american magician , illusionist and musician , situated on ?
what is the name of the resident classical ballet company founded in the 18th century in which arthur saint-léon is famous ?
lindka rosalind wanda cierach is a british couturier and fashion designer , notable clients include members of british and european royal families , among others , which english actor ?
what is the population of the city that houses akademisches kunstmuseum ?
what country of origin does maximilian büsser and harry winston have in common ?
when was the book released in which " angels & demons " shares many stylistic literary elements ?
what is the name of the italian holding company whose core activities were in the automotive industry and was succeeded by luca cordero ?
john alexander is the uncle of which player who won the club 's young player of the season ?
what role did kate ashfield play in the 2004 british horror comedy film directed by edgar wright ?
she-crab soup is similar to the geographic area that is the land between the suffolk scarp and what other team ?
who was one of the directors of the sovereign state in the south caucasus region of eurasia ?
rønnaug alten is the heroine and protagonist of the play " twelfth night " written by who ?
paul teutul was the chief designer for which company based in orange county , new york ?
the federal assembly meets what lower house of the federal assembly of switzerland , the upper house being the council of states ?
stoke newington central forms part of the hackney north and stoke newington constituency of a politician of what ethnicity ?
who was the wife of a lieutenant lieutenant general and author ?
the siege of port royal was conducted by what native american confederation ?
vichy republican is a term that emerged on social media in 2016 in regards to the united states presidential campaign ofdonald trump , to trump opponents , it refers to ?
mark vi monorail ( or m-vi ) is a monorail train used in a 3.9 mi monorail system located in what state ?
the marian civil war in scotland was a period of conflict which followed the abdication of what period of conflict ?
the rrb were established in a city that had how many inhabitants in 2009 ?
what south korean singer and actor starred in the south korean television series hwarang : the poet warrior youth ?
robert parish ( born august 30 , 1953 ) is an american retired basketball center , according to parish , former celtics forward cedric maxwell gave him this nickname because ?
big fish theory is the second studio album by which american rapper , it was released on june 23 , 2017 , by big fish theory ?
the 2004–05 nba season was the grizzlies ' tenth season in the national basketball association , and their fourth season , the grizzlies would lose their next four games under ?
the lowry hotel is named after the english artist who lived where ?
when was the stadium that hosted the citrus series founded ?
walter leslie duncan ( 14 february 1883 – 28 may 1947 ) was an australian politician , born in armidale , new south wales , he was president of the ?
tim o'kelly was replaced by the mass murderer who became infamous what ?
richard corey " big hoss " harrison ( born april 27 , 1983 ) is an american businessman and reality television personality , known as a cast member of the ?
what does the premiership rugby sevens series compete in ?
congress street grounds is located near the intersection of what major shipping facility ?
líneas aéreas privadas was the first carrier to break a monopolistic market controlled by aerolíneas argentinas and its sister company of what domestic airline of argentina ?
what is the name of the spurs in the 19th season of the current head coach for the los angeles clippers ?
flavio de jesús santos is a mexican footballer who plays for a mexican professional football club based where ?
what is this dutch dj and music producer from the village of markelo in overijssel often featured at tropical house ?
the " bridal chorus " was made popular in what period ?
in what year did the man whom chien-shiung wu worked to win the 1957 nobel prize in physics die ?
ed oxenbould acted as the title character in the 2015 footage horror film directed by whom ?
what is the name of this american sports broadcaster and television host , born in 1981 , who joined the seventh season of " american ninja warrior " ?
jazz jennings is notable for being one of the youngest publicly documented people to be identified as transgender , and for being identified as youngest what ?
" forget to remember " is the third single and eighth track from which 2005 american horror film ?
what actress appeared in both " get him to the greek " and " the goddess of 1967 ? " ?
what baseball position did the man who surpassed russell arlett as a pitcher play ?
who is a republican member of the montana legislature on flathead lake ?
who directed the 2005 american crime drama that starred the actor who played prominent roles in the hbo series " the sopranos " ?
jalen jones played college basketball for a team that plays their home games where ?
who was born first , heikki seppa or heikki seppa ?
the rat pack is a term used by which media and refer to an informal group of entertainers centered on the las vegas casino scene ?
what country of origin does khilona and jayaram jayalalithaa have in common ?
mumia abu-jamal , is a convicted murderer , american activist and journalist who became involved in which black panther party until october 1970 ?
what is the area of the lagoon that is connected to the far southern suburb of lake macquarie ?
what is the nickname of the main nickname of the football club that ewan fenton spent thirteen seasons at ?
what canadian singer , rapper , dancer , composer , record producer , beatboxer , actor , starred in the 2013 south korean-thai drama final recipe ?
lou lung pai was ceo of an american energy , commodities , and services company based in houston , texas , that was founded in what year ?
university visvesvaraya college of engineering ( uvce ) was established in 1917 , under the name government engineering college , by which public state university that is located in bengaluru ?
how many small-box format stores are there in the company that newell brands is an american worldwide marketer of ?
reputation and rarities is the name of a repackaged/re-released version of a singer that has how many top 20 singles ?
the priory was nominated for best performance in a supporting role for an english actress known for her role as sarah earnshaw in what ?
who was born first , scott hall or razor ?
republican alex m. clark was a member of the republican party who served as a senator from what year ?
what is the name of the 2007 american comedy-drama film that was based on the story of u.s. congressman charlie wilson and cia operative gust avrakotos ?
félix edouard vallotton was an important figure in the development of a modern art exhibition held in what city ?
what anime adaptation of the " blue dragon " video game series did cindy robinson star in ?
erik voorhees voorhees is an american / panamanian startup founder and director of marketing at which bitcoin exchange start-up based in new york city ?
the talking heads is a double live album by talking heads , originally released in 1982 , the album contains live versions of songs that appear on their first four ?
what is the name of the ballet written by the conductor of the world premieres of stravinsky 's " the rite of spring " ?
what is the award given to the award given to the major league baseball players judged in history ?
what type of machine was written by an austrian physicist and philosopher whose greatest achievement was in the development of statistical mechanics ?
the 2012 washington state cougars were coached by an american football coach who is the head coach of what team ?
what british actor starred in the 2013 film " 12 years a slave " ?
gennifer flowers , is a book by candice e. jackson , an american model and actress who obtained notoriety after revealing a sexual encounter with who ?
" if you 've got trouble " is a song written by a writer originally recorded by who ?
daniel mills , frcvs ( born 21 aug 1966 ) is an english biologist and the uk 's first professor of veterinary behavioural medicine , ware before studying at the ?
what profession does t. conant and grace kelly kelly have in common ?
uyoku dantai is a japanese ultranationalist far-right groups , particularly in terms of more extreme nationalist , and nativist ideologies , as well as what ?
who played the role of fbi stella anderson in the science fiction television series " the x-files " ?
what movie did brenda song star in that premiered on the disney channel on june 28 , 2002 ?
what country does norsemen and norse–gaels have in common ?
in 1991 , gérard dubois opened the first la rose noire patisserie in which place ?
toby scott worked with which american singer and writer ?
what type of media does flyboys and tony bill have in common ?
buck rogers xxvc ( sometimes written as buck rogers in the 25th century ) is a game setting created by tsr , inc. in the late 1980s , a campaign ?
what mountain is located in the scapegoat wilderness of lewis and clark county , montana , in the united states , that was established in 1865 ?
hotze " harry " koch was the father of an american chemical engineer who founded the oil refinery firm that later became what ?
south china is a village in the town of china , one of five villages of china , and is sometimes known as what ?
what is the name of the mid-size luxury crossover that is manufactured by the bmw e70 ?
the smurfs : the legend of smurfy hollow is an american computer/traditionally animated short film , it stars which short story of speculative fiction by american author washington irving ?
the obuasi municipality is one of the constituencies represented in the parliament of ghana , akrofuom is located in the obuasi municipal district of which region ?
henry v. vaccaro was the primary investor and owner of what american rock band that first found success in canada and later in the united states and worldwide ?
how many publications were listed by the writer of human biology ?
who wrote the lyrics to the musical in which gretel scarlett appeared as kathy selden ?
when was the indian tv personality featured in " karmaphal daata shani " born ?
what county is st. louis bay bridge located in ?
johan mjällby , is a swedish football manager and former player , currently in charge as manager of västerås sk , he made his debut for the national team in ?
the united states poker championship was held at a variation of how many cards of the five community cards ?
how many points did the team that drafted dion lewis play in college ?
what is one of the major political parties in sri lanka that is one of the major political parties in sri lanka ?
what award did the composer of the play " in the heights " previously play for in the movie " water by the spoonful " ?
lieutenant-general arthur ernest percival , was a senior british army officer , most noted for his defeat in the second world war , when he commanded british commonwealth forces during ?
the 2014 fiba basketball world cup final was a basketball game that took place on 14 september 2014 at an arena that has how many people ?
" high water ( for charley patton ) " is a song by a bob dylan song written and first recorded by who ?
what is the name of the adelaide hills suburb that is located in the adelaide hills suburb of aldgate ?
when was the university that joost businger businger is an emeritus professor established ?
the actress who played the title role in " how will i know " was also in " guinness world records " cited what ?
jessica ashley karpov is an american r & b singer , ashley has written songs for which american singer , songwriter , and actress ?
caroline webster " jack " astor iv was the wife of an american socialite of what ?
the simple things is a 1953 animated short subject , part of the " mickey mouse " series , following this short , one-shot mickey shorts were produced by which ?
maria radu is best known for winning the women 's 3000 metres at which summer universiade ?
what is the name of the genus that is a viral disease of typically short duration ?
the macbook is a brand name used by apple for its series of ips panel displays that have a higher pixel density than traditional displays , it offers a registered ?
knocking piece ii is a piece of music by whom ?
dead heat on a merry-go-round is a 1966 crime film starring an american actor who gained worldwide fame for his starring roles as what solo character ?
chun woo-hee is a south korean actress that starred in a 2016 south korean horror film that was directed by na hong-jin , and was directed by who ?
when was the indian music producer featured in " ishq garaari " born ?
jung seul-ki served as a varsity member of a team in what city ?
der oderturm 89 is 1 m less than that of which capital and largest city of the german federal state of brandenburg ?
when did the league that abhra mondal is currently playing run run ?
guerra de titanes , was the thirteenth annual " guerra de titanes " professional wrestling show promoted by aaa since 1997 , the main event saw dr. wagner jr. defend ?
my neighbor totoro ( japanese : となりのトトロ , hepburn : tonari no totoro ) is a 1988 japanese animated fantasy film written and directed by hayao miyazaki and produced by ?
the wind 's twelve quarters , is a collection of short stories by american writer ursula k. le guin , most of the other stories are also connected to le ?
what country does nissan 6 , mazda6 and nissan 6 have in common ?
who is older , juan méndez or rafael méndez ?
droga5 is a new york city-based global advertising agency with an american fashion designer who founded what in 2002 ?
how long was the ship that was brought to the last known survivor of the atlantic slave trade ?
where is the second novel by english author charles dickens published in which " where is love ? " is a song ?
francis stapleton fitzalan-howard was the eldest son of a british peer , earl marshal and son of who ?
subbalakshmi is an indian actress , she 's an indian actress , in which city ?
fred carter is an american artist known for his work for which american cartoonist and publisher ?
david gregory ( 20 december 1625 – 1720 ) was a scottish physician and inventor , he inherited which tower house , in 1664 ?
why i write was written by which english novelist ?
alan faneca won a super bowl ring with the team that was played at what michigan city ?
" what are little girls made of ? " is episode seven of the fourth line of what 19th century nursery rhyme dating from the early 19th century ?
who is a free african american almanac author , surveyor , naturalist , and farmer who assisted banneker recreation center ?
the new york city-based music magazine that launched in 1999 was the first print publication to be released on what date ?
andrea chénier is a verismo opera in four acts by which aria from act 3 of the 1896 opera " andrea chénier " by umberto giordano ?
what country of origin does swiss olympic association and german olympic association have in common ?
jason h. snell is an american special effects supervisor known for his works in disney 's visual effects company industrial light & magic ( ilm ) , hammeck has worked ?
evan and jaron 's second album contained a 2001 american romantic comedy that was directed by marc klein , and was directed by who ?
partners features which american actor who was born on december 29 , 1966 ?
quincy mumford was born in a city that had how many inhabitants in 2010 ?
who is a recurring fictional character in the american animated sitcom " the simpsons " who is voiced by waylon j. smithers jr. ?
oak beach is located on the eastern end of jones beach island , a barrier island between the atlantic ocean and the great south bay of which island ?
how many years did tony qc 's notable work ?
american musician dj khaled has released ten studio albums , twenty six singles and nine featured singles , with which american hip hop recording artist ?
who directed the upcoming abc biographical thriller film starring american actor jeffrey perry ?
the 1937 hong kong typhoon was an unnamed typhoon in hong kong on 2 september 1937 , the history of hongkong , a business port located off the southeast coast ?
the miracle is a 1959 film directed by an austrian-born american theatre and film director who established what festival with the performance of hofmannsthal 's " jedermann " ?
where is the firm based that acquired the automotive aftermarket through bundy , walbro and marwal brands ?
back up n da chevy was an album that included the southern gangsta rap group from what city ?
the betsy ross flag is an early design of what continuous steel truss bridge ?
during the korean war , operation bluehearts was the landing of a combined arms division based at who ?
" the chance of a lunchtime " is an episode of a british sitcom created by who ?
the dark tower is a series of eight books written by what american author ?
double dragon is a 1994 live-action film starring an american actor best known for playing who in the french film " brotherhood of the wolf " ?
the 1984 united states senate election in maine was held in what position ?
get off is the second album by miami , florida latin dance/disco group foxy , which musical style originating in new york city in the early 1970s ?
who won the tony award for best actor in a musical in 2000 ?
" let 's get ready to rhumble " is a 1994 song by an english comedy tv duo , acting and former music duo from where ?
the schumann–runge bands was named after a man who was a german what ?
who was born first , don swayze or don swayze ?
the rainforest ecological train is located in a national park that has how many inhabitants ?
arsenal football club academy has been compared to what dutch former footballer who last managed vfl wolfsburg ?
sergei prokofiev was the creator of the opera that premiered at the auditorium theatre in what city ?
wise blood is an american 1979 drama film directed by john huston and based on the 1952 novel " wise blood " by flannery o'connor , it was filmed mostly ?
where is the unincorporated community in which scraps of time west is based ?
kaep is a nickname for the athlete who is of what heritage ?
mike pearson was a canadian scholar , statesman , soldier and diplomat , who won the nobel peace prize in 1957 for organizing what event ?
timothy j. sloan is the chief executive officer of a company that was named ceo in what year ?
in what year was the singer who wrote " i 'll keep the lovelight burning " born ?
dick ashworth was the second of the only two nuclear weapons ever used in warfare , the first being what ?
hip hop republican is credited with giving how many presidential election ?
delores holmes , was an american musician and record producer , best known for being bass player and founding member of the e street band remaining in the band ?
the real glory is a 1939 samuel goldwyn productions action film starring an english actor who won the academy award for best actor for his performance in what ?
who was the father of the second minister of finance of the kingdom of belgium ?
the spider 's web is a 1960 british mystery film directed by godfrey grayson , it was an adaptation of the play " spider 's web " by agatha christie ?
the father of joseph ferdinand of bavaria died in what year ?
which star of the untitled film " the untitled avengers film " was born on november 22 , 1984 ?
thomas arundell , 1st baron arundell of wardour was the eldest son of a failed assassination attempt against whom ?
in what u.s. island is bryant bulldogs women 's basketball team located ?
in what year was the man who opened the newcastle civic centre born ?
which suburb in the city of burnside , adelaide , south australia is home to the electoral district of bragg ?
midland f1 racing ( also known as mf1 racing ) was a formula one constructor and racing team , it competed in the 2006 formula one season with drivers christijan ?
which department store owned by macy 's , inc. is one of two divisions owned by the company ?
what is the former name of the town that is about 15 kilometres west of parma on the emilia towards fidenza ?
which 2002 satirical erotic romantic comedy film did shannon sossamon star in ?
what is a multi-use indoor arena in calgary , alberta , canada , that borders the alyth-bonny brook industrial area ?
st vincents hall , grantham , is a gothic revival mansion built in 1868 for the industrialist richard hornsby who founded an engine and machinery manufacturer in lincolnshire , england ?
gül train was named after which eurasian political and economic intergovernmental organization ?
what american actress and singer , born september 28 , 1987 , worked as a songwriter for michelle lewis ?
choi jun-hong is best known as a member of a group formed in what year ?
who provides vocals for the track " hey brother up ! " and " hey brother " ?
the toyota innova is part of what series of light commercial vehicles produced and marketed by the japanese manufacturer toyota ?
krishanti " krish " vignarajah is a democratic candidate for a election that take place on what date ?
the nordic institute for theoretical physics was established by a physicist who received what prize in physics ?
james ellison was a close associate of which domestic terrorist convicted in 1995 ?
the 1959 william & mary indians football team represented an open-air stadium located on the campus of the united states naval academy located where ?
what is the nationality of the person who hosted the academy awards pre-show ?
what is the nationality of the man who was named man of the match at the 2001 intercontinental cup ?
what team did the coach of the milwaukee bucks play in the big 12 conference ?
the 1969 tennessee volunteers were led by a college team that has how many members ?
brothers in arms is the fifth studio album by what british rock band ?
danglemah is a tributary of what town that is at the south-eastern edge of the northern tablelands , new south wales ?
sas braathens was the name of norway 's largest airline , created by a merger between scandinavian airlines ' norwegian division and braathens in 2004 , on june 1 ?
who plays the female lead in the 2002 romantic comedy film written and directed by guy ritchie ?
loch shiel , is a 17+1/2 mi freshwater loch , 120 m ( 393 ft ) deep , situated 12.4 miles west of fort william in lochaber , highland ?
i 'll take manhattan is a 1987 american television miniseries , adapted from a novel by a jewish-american novelist who writes in what ?
damon lamon stoudamire is the cousin of what current nba player who played college basketball for the university of kentucky ?
william hodges ra is best known for the sketches and paintings of a polar region that covers 20 % of the southern hemisphere of which year ?
tina sharkey is a co-founder of the company that started what digital internet division ?
piers bizony has written articles for what british monthly magazine about technology and technology published in bristol , uk ?
emeric pressburger produced which 1951 technicolor film ?
the 1982 scottish league cup final was played by a footballer best known for his spells at what ?
the old bushmills distillery is a distillery in a alcoholic alcoholic company with its headquarters in what city ?
how many children 's books has the author of the show maid marian and her merry men written ?
the 1962 armstrong 500 was held at what regional city ?
alerce is the spanish word for two unrelated trees " larix " ( larch ) and " fitzroya " , it was named in honour of who ?
steven rattazzi provides the voice for the character of doctor byron orpheus on the animated series created by whom ?
what is the name of this small town of 3,324 in the flemish brabant southwest of brussels , belgium , where lindemans brewery is based ?
google for education is a service from google that provides independently customizable versions of several google products using a domain name provided by what ?
andy rooney was an american radio and television writer who was best known for his weekly broadcast " a few minutes with who ?
the cactus al/bum was certified gold by an american hip-hop group that released how many albums ?
lt col. stewart francis newcombe ( 1878–1956 ) was a british army officer and associate of t. e. lawrence , the breadth and variety of his activities and associations ?
who is the second studio album by an american hip hop collective and record label based in minneapolis , minnesota ?
what is a 16th-century palace near rickmansworth , hertfordshire , england , where catherine of aragon lived after the annulment of her marriage to henry viii ?
andrea roth is best known for her role in a 2009 american home invasion horror film written by patrick melton and who ?
what is the 60 mi southwest of the state park located in livingston and wyoming counties , new york ?
who was born first , dorothy schuelein-steel or dorothy sarnoff ?
charles dean o'banion was the main rival of what mobster and crime boss who attained fame during the prohibition era ?
princess marie-clementine bagration was illegitimate daughter of prince klemens von metternich with a foreign minister who until what ?
what character in walt disney animation studios ' 53rd animated film " frozen " is voiced by eva bella as a teenager ?
what french aristocrat and military officer fought in a historic home located at enfield , halifax county , north carolina ?
the 2006 san marino grand prix was won by a driver who currently competes in the indycar series for what team ?
who was born first , alfred von schlieffen or schlieffen plan ?
the quai louis-blériot was renamed in honour of a man born in what year ?
how many records did the band that released the album " said and done " have ?
what is the abbreviation for the neighborhood where the building at 359 broadway is located ?
mount diablo unified school district is located in a city that had how many inhabitants in 2010 ?
what year did one of the writers of " the kenyon review " win the pulitzer prize for the novel " all the king 's men " ?
peter bales was an english calligrapher and one of the inventors of shorthand writing , he is mentioned for his skill in micrography , in which english chronicler , whose ?
the hearse stars an actor who first gained worldwide fame in what movie ?
sand mountain is a sandstone plateau in northeastern alabama and a far lesser extent by a system of mountains located where ?
the loire de chavignol is the most famous goat cheese of a valley that has been inhabited since what period ?
focus brands is an affiliate of the atlanta-based private equity firm based in which city ?
when did the 1985 world games took place in which david lloyd leisure is a part of ?
old smokey was a euphemistic name given to the state prison electric chair in new jersey , the chair 's most notorious victim was who ?
ella purnell appeared in the 2014 dark fantasy film directed by whom ?
the rover group plc initially included an english automotive marque registered by what company ?
comic book villains is a 2002 american black comedy film starring an american actor who has appeared in how many since the early 1990s ?
the solow project was written by a russian composer who was one of the group known as what ?
jack m. guttentag is a professor at what school that was established in 1881 through a donation from joseph wharton ?
who produced the animated movie that was based on a children 's book written by charles tazewell ?
" killing children " is a short story by orson scott card , an american science-fiction magazine published under various titles since when ?
what is a large grain plant first domesticated by indigenous peoples in southern mexico about 10,000 years ago created in 1962 ?
laertes is a character in william shakespeare 's play " hamlet " , his name is taken from the father of who , in homer 's odyssey ?
i would like to see you again is an album that features the country music supergroup known for pioneering influence on what ?
ruth leuwerik is best known for her portrayal of an stepmother of an family that inspired which broadway musical ?
which 1994 american family sports film did timothy busfield star in ?
the 1917 pittsburgh panthers football team was led by a coach inducted as a coach into the college football hall of fame in what year ?
ian boothby is a multiple shuster award , harvey award and eisner award nominee and an eisner award–winning comic book creator best known for his work as the lead writer ?
tony leung ka-fai is a four-time winner of the hong kong film award , incorporated into hong kong film awards association ltd. since what date ?
hunt music is a compilation album by which american singer-songwriter , musician and activist ?
the 1984–85 season was won by which organization , in a 1–0 win against defending champions liverpool , which occurred on 29 may 1985 ?
richard douglas heffner ( august 5 , 1925 – december 17 , 2013 ) was the creator of host of " the open mind , " a public affairs television ?
what country does nationalism front and nationalism have in common ?
mark cuban was part of the company that received an investment from what sixth season ?
my inspiration , released in which year , is a concept cover album dedicated to his mother , a filipino singer who rose to popularity through youtube ?
when was the retired american actor and novelist born who returned evil solar-powered version of superman iv : the quest for peace ?
black star is closely identified with an american magazine magnate who was a magnate who was called what ?
patrick bowlen served as the broncos ceo from his purchase of an american football team owned by what disease ?
the 1966 atlantic hurricane season , featured which tropical cyclone , with the longest track of any atlantic tropical cyclone ?
louis-napoléon bonaparte was the only president of what public park situated in northeastern paris , in the 19th arrondissement ?
the battle of uddevalla took place at uddevalla on august 28 , 1677 as part of which northern wars involving the union of denmark–norway , brandenburg and sweden ?
michel thomas was born in a collection of armed movements that fought against the maquis in areas areas of women and women called the maquis in what ?
who owned the stadium that is currently coached by rocky diego state aztecs ?
the kreisky–peter–wiesenthal affair was a political and personal feud in the 1970s fought between the then austrian chancellor bruno kreisky and the ss past of freedom 's ministerial appointments and ?
the hood museum of art is a museum owned by a mural that had how many inhabitants ?
what is the year of the event that occured first , frank girardot was born , or christian karl gerhartsreiter was born ?
jack-jack bird is a 2005 computer animated short film produced by pixar based on what ?
the 1964 new york jets marked their first in the stadium just north of what area ?
boba fett is a character in the franchise created by whom ?
avoca lodge , known as the molly brown summer house , is a registered historic place in which city , near bear creek ?
the american independent institute is a nonprofit organization started by an american neo-liberal political operative described by what ?
livin la vida loco was headlined by a band formed in what year ?
for adults only ( 1971 ) is the 13th comedy album by a hotel and casino that was known for many years as what ?
bill dog 's record of four batting titles as a third baseman would be played by an american former professional baseball third baseman and played for what team ?
which son of todd fisher was born on february 24 , 1958 ?
the winner of the 2014–15 cup in 2016 demolished how many people ?
what band did the composer of fitz and the tantrums write for ?
who was a 19-year-old student that took place on may 18–19 , 1972 , in kaunas , lithuania , soviet union ?
the parasite is an 1894 novelette by sir arthur conan doyle , a novella of a novella that shorter than how many words ?
who was the governor of the 58th quadrennial american presidential election , held on 58th quadrennial american presidential election , held on tuesday , november 8 , 2016 ?
what does the north germanic languages make up in ?
what retired american professional stock car racing driver drove the 2009 nascar nationwide series ?
robert norton noyce , was an american electrical engineer who took part ( along with robert noyce ) in the realization of the first integrated circuit while working at texas ?
what year did princess charlotte of cambridge 's grandfather grandfather ?
the monson railroad was a narrow gauge railway , operated between monson junction on the bangor and aroostook railroad and who ?
lisa howard is an american actress and singer who created the 25th annual putnam county spelling bee , a musical comedy with music and lyrics by who ?
craps is a dice game in which the players make wagers on the outcome of the roll , or a series of rolls , of rolls , of rolls ?
thus spoke zarathustra : a book for all and none is a philosophical novel by an author that is a poem by who ?
jim cassell has been responsible for the development of which midfielder for premier league club stoke city ?
jennifer hunt is a professor of economics at rutgers university , serving as chief economist to the u.s. secretary of labor and a member of what obama ?
robert " bobby " noble was an english professional footballer who started his career as a central defender for a professional association football club based where ?
beyond skyline is an upcoming american science fiction action thriller film directed by liam o'donnell and starring frank grillo , bojana novakovic , betty gabriel and antonio fargas , it ?
hms " clonmel " was a hunt class minesweeper of the royal navy from which global war i that lasted from 28 july 1914 to 11 november 1918 ?
george rainsford is an english actor , best known for his portrayal of a british weekly tv listings magazine published by what company ?
malcolm michael mays is a nephew of stanley " tookie " williams , the notorious founder of what gang ?
under what battleship did the third ship of the u.s. navy to be named after the u.s. state of missouri release ?
big fish is a musical with music and lyrics by andrew lippa and a book by an american composer who is a resident at what theater ?
lakshmi shankar and lakshmi shankar , are what type of vocalist ?
according to the 2010 census , what was the population of the town in which the stelljes house is located ?
butautas was a son of kęstutis , grand duke of lithuania , he ruled the lithuanians and ruthenians from what ?
maria anna of spain , was the wife of ferdinand iii , and was by marriage holy roman empress and queen of which country ?
fossil group , inc. is an american fashion designer and manufacturer founded by who ?
what country of origin does fifty shades and fifty shades have in common ?
how many square miles is the location of the tribe that the walla walla expeditions were from ?
when did the man who defeated the distribution of industry act 1950 as prime minister of the united kingdom ?
what is the name of this spanish former professional footballer , born in may 1970 , who resigned at the 2012–13 season ?
what was the population in 2010 of the city that antonio hermenegildo añorve was the director of police of mexicali ?
what 1972 surf film featured a well-known hawaiian lifeguard and surfer ?
the toxics release is what type of database ?
erich maria remarque , was an australian soldier , translator and museum librarian and is best known for which titled english soldier , translator and museum librarian ?
what roller coaster in the oktoberfest section of busch was designed by drachen fire ?
what award given to the american professional basketball player for the golden state warriors of the national basketball association award given to kevin durant ?
which 1983 american horror anthology film did emilio estevez star in ?
nelson joosuk chai ( born 1965 ) is an american investment banker and financial executive formerly which financial holding company founded in 1908 headquartered in new york city ?
in what year was the county where sanders 's store is located founded ?
the battle of gavinana was fought between the city of florence and which other empire that was created in 1422 ?
yau ma tei is one of the 19 constituencies in a territory with how many miles ?
alexander nouri is a retired footballer of what german multi-sport club in osnabrück , lower saxony ?
nathaniel starbuck is a fictional character , confederate soldier , and the protagonist of british author bernard cornwell 's ( b . 1944 ) , he wrote a nonfiction book ?
yu rongguang had a role in the 2001 south korean film directed by whom ?
when was the british economic historian and medievalist born who established the economic history review ?
the 1973 nfl season was the 54th regular season of the national football league , that is part of the truman sports complex with what stadium ?
what is the birth name of the creator of the song " it 's de-lovely " ?
water night is one of how many earliest works , written in 1995 by a grammy-winning american composer , conductor , and speaker ?
koichi sekikawa , is a former nippon professional baseball outfielder , born in which city ?
neon city is a 1991 canadian post-apocalyptic science fiction film directed by monte markham and written by jeff lewis , also known as what ?
tony roberts was the play-by-play announcer for which team from 1980 to 2006 ?
" collateral damage " is the eleventh episode of the third season of a tv series that airs how many 1:00 ?
in what year was the author of the short story " recovery " born ?
les patterson saves the world is a 1987 australian comedy film starring a character who has written several books including what autobiography ?
what team did ángel ibáñez play for that has a capacity of 16,000 ?
what is the name of the 2006 south korean film that stars kim ji-soo ?
the rome protocols were signed by an austrian christian social and patriotic front statesman who was assassinated as part of what ?
rupertswood is a mansion and country estate located in sunbury on the outskirts of melbourne in which suburb of the city of townsville in north queensland , australia ?
the 1919 mississippi gubernatorial election took place in 1919 in order to elect the governor of what ?
the environment act 1995 ( c 25 ) passed under the ministerial tutelage of what politician ?
what actor who appeared in suicide squad was born on march 21 , 1986 ?
who was born first , dewey davis or miles dewey davis ?
what does english girl group spice girls and emma bunton have in common ?
a therapy is a 2012 comedy short film written and directed by prada polanski and starred which french-polish film director , producer , writer , and actor ?
harry s. truman appointed four members of the supreme court of the united states . who ?
charles prince airport is approximately 16 km northwest of a capital and most populous city of zimbabwe , officially called salisbury until what year ?
what year did mary jo catlett star in the american animated television series " spongebob squarepants " ?
a naval engagement that took place off the french island of guadeloupe in the caribbean during the anglo-french war was a royal navy under who ?
what is the middle name of the author of the book the unwinding : an inner history of the new america ?
flash fiction , written by fredric brown , is a science fiction short story that starts with a short-short story based on the following text of thomas bailey aldrich ?
richard gordon " dick " darman was an american businessman and government official who served in senior positions during the presidencies of which american statesman and government official ?
the lang labor party was a political party active in the state of new south wales , the premier of new south wales follows what ?
who is a combination of downtempo , breakbeat and nu jazz with highlights of a basidiomycete fungus , and the type species of the genus " boletus " ?
autobahn ( expressway ) is the fourth studio album by what german electronic band that was released in october 1975 ?
which suburb of adelaide , south australia is home to the electoral district of dunstan ?
when did the series in which aimee carrero provides the voice of princess elena premier ?
a wind in the door , is a young adult science fantasy novel by which fantasy/science fiction series of five young adult novels written by madeleine l'engle ?
claudine applegate was married to the actress who started playing which role on " married ... with children " ?
fodder on my wings is an album by a singer born in which year ?
ladislav matějka has published more than 100 volumes by what russian linguist and historian whose teachings formed a nucleus of the prague school of structural linguistics ?
what is the elevation of the mountain range that elk valley is situated at ?
pitch perfect 2 features which american actress born on march 9 , 1986 ?
keld tande bordinggard is a danish former football player , he most notably played professionally for which danish professional football club based in the city odense ?
jordan robert parise ( born september 19 , 1982 ) is an american retired professional ice hockey goaltender , he is the older brother of minnesota wild player , an ?
hershey 's kisses is a brand of chocolate manufactured by the hershey company , the bite-sized brand of which brand of chocolate manufactured by the hershey company ?
erving goffman , was a canadian-american sociologist and writer , considered by some " the most influential american sociologist of which twentieth ?
" up there down there " is a rock song written by an american guitarist who married and raised what rock musician ?
ogwini comprehensive technical high school is located south-west of a city in which african province ?
what year did the director of 'the die ?
james metcalfe campbell bower , is an english actor , singer , and model , on which date , by tnt 5 , 2017 , " will " ?
the minnesota house of representatives is the lower house of the legislature of the u.s. state of minnesota , there are 134 members , twice as many as the minnesota ?
james price toured extensively with the 13th american studio album released in what month ?
where is the company that owns anticimex headquartered ?
glass cloud was an album by the band from what state ?
daniel daniel garcía esparza currently plays for a mexican football club that plays in the top division of what mexican football club ?
what is the name of the cultural blending of mediterranean influences that created argentina ?
æthelred , was the son of which king of northumbria from 796 to 806 , when he was deposed and went into exile ?
leigh anne tuohy was the legal guardian of an american football offensive tackle who played college football where ?
dave whelan is an english former footballer who played for a british retailing and fitness business founded when ?
ruddles brewery is now owned by a retailer based in what city ?
who did the actor who appeared in " war of the worlds " play in " critters 3 " ( 1991 ) ?
what team led by bob stoops played for the 2016 auburn tigers football team in 2016 ?
what is the name of the norwegian documentary about seven episodes that was created and presented by the director of the university 's autism research centre ?
what is the name of this american anthology horror series created and produced by ryan murphy and brad falchuk and was nominated for the primetime emmy award for outstanding supporting ?
slovenia has a meeting area that evolved from vulgar latin between what time period ?
who directed a 2012 american crime film that stars an american actress known for portraying abigail deveraux on the nbc soap opera " days of our lives " ?
millennium greens is what type of national lottery in the united kingdom ?
lake siegel starred in what 2008 american comedy film directed by tom vaughan ?
who was the new coach for the 2016 maine black bears football team ?
in what county is the lake wales ridge national wildlife refuge located ?
who was born first , arthur quinlan or che guevara ?
saltillo engine is a chrysler engine plant in what italian controlled automobile manufacturer registered in the netherlands ?
carnforth railway station serves what village that serves as the village of borwick ?
lord alfred bruce douglas is better known as the friend and lover of a prolific writer of what nationality ?
martin martin theodor dahlgren was a professor at a university that has how many employees ?
on parole is the first recording made by the band motörhead , an english rock band formed when ?
reeves plains power station is an australian generation , electricity and gas retailing private company that is owned by what hong kong-based ?
who is widely known for his emmy-nominated television series " dog whisperer " , who 's an american pit bull with over 25 years of canine experience ?
what is the name of the musical duo who created the third album of the presenter of the bbc television science programme " tomorrow 's world " ?
" red " is a song from an album released by which record label ?
kara kennedy was a niece of the president who was of what heritage ?
so fresh , so clean , is the third and final single to be released from outkast 's fourth studio album , " stankonia " , it features uncredited vocals ?
who directed the 2012 american dystopian science fiction adventure film in which leigha hancock plays the role of the district 7 female tribute ?
who founded the center for organizational research and education ?
the pittsfield pride were a baseball team in which independent baseball association , based in pittsfield , massachusetts ?
england in the high middle ages includes the history of england between the norman conquest and another death of king john , who often referred to as what ?
when was the composer of ghost quartet born ?
when was the co-founder of unity born ?
abul ʿala al-maʿarri , was a blind arab philosopher , and was a blind arab philosopher , and writer , and writer , of which organization ?
william richard west was the voice of buzz until 2004 in which american television program ?
what geometrical system is felix bloch a part of ?
louis xvi style , frequently also called louis seize , was an ancient roman town in art , architecture , and decorative motif which developed during the 19-year reign of ?
gildo siorpaes , is an italian bobsledder who competed in the early 1960s , innsbruck is the capital city of tyrol in western austria , in which country ?
widnes is an industrial town in the borough of halton , cheshire , england , the term " listed building " refers to a building or other structure officially designated ?
who was born first , ruth westheimer or ruth westheimer ?
john wickham legg was recommended by jenner for the post of medical attendant to which youngest son of queen victoria ?
little nikita is a 1988 american cult drama film starring an american actor born in what year ?
who was the goalkeeping coach for new york red bulls in the mls club for new york red bulls ?
the argentine air forces describes the composition of the argentine air forces in the falklands war , which comprised of what air force ?
what is the population of the town that sand lake baptist church is in ?
who is an american former basketball player , who was named mvp of the series 7 win at the 1978 nba world championship series ?
charlie spiller is a former american football wide receiver signed by a historically black comprehensive land-grant institution located where ?
what actress who won a bafta award for her role in " the age of innocence " also starred in the british sitcom bucket ?
what is the logo of the corporation that owns sinclair oil corporation ?
kasper peter schmeichel is the son of a former professional footballer born in which year ?
richard callaghan is an american figure skating coach best known as the long-time coach of a world champion how many world champion ?
mersey beat was founded by an english singer born in what year ?
hndrxx is the sixth studio album by american rapper future , it features guest appearances from rihanna , which canadian singer , songwriter and record producer ?
52nd street is the sixth studio album by which american singer-songwriter and pianist ?
kadji sport academies was founded by what cameroonian professional footballer who plays as a striker for turkish club antalyaspor ?
what is the nickname of the peninsula that the calabrian black squirrel is endemic to ?
the thomas crown affair was nominated for two academy awards , winning best original song for what 1999 american heist film that was directed by john mctiernan ?
northern lights , is a young-adult fantasy novel by philip pullman , the bbc and cavalcade audiobook was first recorded in which year , by philip pullman ?
what country of origin does 2007 copa américa final and júlio clemente have in common ?
benjamin matthew victor was a professor of the practice at boise state university that was born on what day ?
franklin pierce was born in what town in kennebec county , maine , united states , located at the 2010 census ?
what group of 7 nuclear tests conducted in 1991–1992 was followed in the united states 's sculpin nuclear test series ?
when was the english actor who starred in " the woman in black " born ?
the 2011 tennessee tech golden eagles football team played their home games at a conference that has how many inhabitants ?
the grandmaster is a 2013 hong kong-chinese martial arts drama film based on the life story of the wing chun grandmaster ip man , the weinstein company acquired the international ?
devilment is a british heavy metal band originally formed in late 2011 , the band experienced problems a stable vocalist from dani filth from which extreme metal band ?
the taj mahal , is an ivory-white marble mausoleum on the south bank of the yamuna river in which historical fort in the city of agra in india ?
what is the real name of the singer who released the album startin ' fires ?
ralph jasper faudree was the former provost of the senior academic administrator at institutions of institutions in the united states and canada , the equivalent of what ?
benno besson worked with which soviet writer and playwright ?
the ford hall forum is what series , founded in 1908 , it continues to host open lectures and discussions in the greater boston area ?
where was the band who released " minus the machine " formed ?
" best prom ever " is the 20th episode in which season , of how i met your mother , an american musician ?
the 1991 season was the 71st season of the football competition in what country ?
don rumsfeld was the 21st secretary of defense under the congressman who was a congressman from what state ?
when did the series that jessie usher appeared in premiere ?
what country of origin does sylvia cecil and sylvia cecil have in common ?
bellagio is a resort , luxury hotel and casino owned and operated by mgm resorts international and was built on the site of the demolished dunes hotel and casino ?
who was born first , gareth barry or michael john standing ?
what is the nationality of the author of bimbos of the death sun ?
the palestine brigade of the royal flying corps , was later led by which english soldier and british imperial governor ?
who was born first , italo lippi or italo balbo ?
" hyperreal " is a song by australian musician flume , it features vocals from an australian record producer , musician and dj , released on which date ?
what is the other name for the mgm grand garden arena located at the britney spears live from las vegas ?
the bulls–knicks rivalry was a rivalry between the chicago bulls and another professional basketball player who was drafted in 1988 at what age ?
what is the name of the american singer-songwriter who is one of the leading contemporary recording artists of a jewelry and accessory brand created by ashley porter ?
grupo aymara are a bolivian folk troupe that have been acclaimed worldwide for its inspiring interpretations of what ?
who founded a danish shipping magnate that was a longtime figure at the møller centre ?
marwan hage is a former offensive lineman who played for a university that sponsors how many varsity sports teams ?
françois le vieux d'arlandes 's first manned free balloon flight on 21 november 1783 were a pioneer of what ?
what is the multi name of the multi brand that is known for sponsorship reasons as the littlewoods ireland camogie leagues ?
what is the profession of the director of " the proposal " ?
what is the name of the young adult novel written by linda woolverton ?
monsters floor is an attraction within the magic kingdom , a theme park at walt disney world resort , it was the first circle-vision show that was arranged and filmed ?
who was born first , wayne boden or theodore bundy ?
the ufc fight pass application was part of what subscription-based video streaming service owned by the ultimate fighting championship ?
what type of collection does timeline of shakespeare criticism and timeline of shakespeare criticism have in common ?
harold edward holt , was an australian politician and the 17th prime minister of australia from 1966 to 1967 , he was prime minister for only 22 months before he ?
george e. blake was an american music engraver and publisher who was born in a historic county formally known as ?
she 's a mystery to me is a song that was recorded as the title track for the single released on what label ?
the japanese weekend school of new york , is an entertainment , retail and residential complex in the section of new rochelle , the center was built on the site ?
the takoma langley crossroads transit center is a bus transit center in what 16.2 mi light rail line ?
what member of the final five was born on may 25 , 1994 ?
what conference does walter ander " the wizard " williams play in 2014 ?
debra janine thomas , is an american former figure skater and physician , she rivalry with east germany 's , at the 1988 calgary olympics , and where ?
" is google making us stupid ? " was published in the july/august 2008 edition of a magazine that was a finalist for what prize in general ?
harald v , is the king of norway , having ascended the throne following the death of his father on 17 january 1991 , several motor ships , have borne ?
the british league riders championship was an individual motorcycle speedway contest between the top riders , the championship has been sponsored by which various companies around the world ?
a calcifuge is a genus of approximately 380 accepted known as what ?
what type of media does le rêve and o have in common ?
evidently ... john cooper clarke features what english actor who began his career in the 1980s ?
who was born first , ferdinand porsche or ferdinand porsche ?
the model 3107 chair is a chair designed by arne jacobsen in 1955 that uses the previously invented technique through which american designers ?
the mammoth tusk , released in which year , is an american hip hop trio formed in 1987 on long island , new york ?
bancroft shed was a weaving shed in which town and civil parish in lancashire , england ?
torrid is an american women 's retail chain formerly owned and operated by a shopping mall located in what city ?
paul musser attended a university that is approximately 50 miles north of what city ?
james greenleaf greenleaf was the landscape architect for a memorial located on the western end of what national mall ?
what annual event held each labor day weekend in tahlequah , oklahoma ?
river oaks center is the largest enclosed shopping mall in the south suburbs of chicago , and which shopping mall in the chicago metropolitan area ?
which tropical cyclones used in seven tropical cyclones in the atlantic ocean and one in the central pacific ?
who is the mother of joe frazier and ring magazine/lineal heavyweight champion joe frazier ?
arthur hydes was born in a professional association football club that was formed in what year ?
" nobody 's child " is a british-american supergroup consisting of whom ?
isaac liev schreiber is an american actor , director , screenwriter , and producer , a 2010 american action thriller film directed by who ?
which supermarket chain is based in portland , maine ?
vpered ( " forward " or " hasten " ) was an organization emanating from within the russian social democratic labour party ( russian social democracy or rsdlp ) ?
the 2016–17 dallas stars season was the 50th season for the national hockey league franchise , and was established on june 5 , 1967 , and 24th season since the ?
sterlite industries plc , is a subsidiary of vedanta resources plc , a diversified and integrated metals and mining group , with its headquarters , in which location ?
dai xianrong is a former professional chinese footballer who mainly played as a centre-back based in a professional chinese football club that has a seating capacity of what ?
what year did nicolas cage play a supporting role in a 1987 american romantic comedy film directed by norman jewison ?
who is a canadian professional ice hockey forward who is currently an unrestricted free agent ?
what song by senegalese-american r & b and rapper akon appears on his debut album , " trouble " ?
in what year was the author of hell on earth born ?
claudio marchisio is currently the club 's second vice-captain behind an italian professional footballer who is usually deployed as what ?
missing you starred which south korean actor who rose to fame in " the way home " ( 2002 ) ?
who was the director of the american romantic comedy television series in which anna ragsdale camp played sarah mason ?
sully is a 2016 american biographical drama film directed by clint eastwood , the film stars which american retired airline captain ?
the white knights of the ku klux klan are considered the most militant as well as the most violent chapter of the ku klux klan in history , they originated ?
the douglas sbd dauntless was built by a company from what country ?
when was the english artist who created portrait miniature of margaret roper born ?
thomas z. shepard is a prolific record producer who is best known for his recordings of what broadway show ?
plymouth regional high school is located near what forest ?
six by sondheim pays tribute to which tony award winning american stage director ?
" act naturally " is a song written by an american country singer famous for his song " act naturally " , which was made famous by who ?
" we all die young " is a song by michael matijevic of steelheart , and was covered by the fictional band steel dragon in the 2001 film " rock ?
the company that owns suez canal authority was formed in what year ?
space shuttle was the first time on mission sts-1 on what date ?
princess louise of denmark and louise was the wife of the king who chose which motto ?
what is an old english chronicle poem that commemorates the capture of king edmund i of the so-called five boroughs of the danelaw in 942 ?
the kent dairy round barn was built under a city that is the county seat of what county ?
what is a division of ebsco industries inc. that focuses on topics about libraries ?
what is the year of the event that occured first , stanley bing was born , or stanley bing was founded ?
theo avgerinos , is a feature film director , who directed which independent , an independent independent , independent in new york city ?
who appeared in the 1990 american science fiction action film written by brothers jim and john thomas ?
christopher de haro provided the financial backing to what portuguese explorer who organised the spanish expedition to the east indies from 1519 to 1522 ?
george kadish was born in a ghetto that held how many people ?
what was the name of the court founded in 1623 by the founder of sweden as a great power ?
the 2000 florida state seminoles football team was coached by which former player ?
the author of the book " common sense " was a member of parliament for how many years ?
the charles hosmer morse museum is located in a suburban city that is part of what statistical area ?
independent hill is an unincorporated town in prince william county , virginia , it is located along state route 234 at the intersection with joplin road , in early 2006 ?
when was the host of religion on the line born ?
brickcon ( formerly known as northwest brickcon ) is a lego convention and exhibition in north america , it 's held annually for adult fans of lego and hobbyists in ?
operation tidal wave was an air attack by bombers of the united states army air forces based in libya and southern italy on nine oil refineries around ploiești , romania ?
which department of the cabinet of albania is responsible for integration of the albania into the european union ?
who was born first , wayne fitzgerald or charles redford ?
cinnamon sugar is commonly used to flavor which fried-dough snack ?
who is a former american football running back and current head coach for the los angeles chargers of the nfl ?
black pearl was a south korean girl group official made up of oh nami , hwl eun , young joo , and which norwegian pop music duo ?
bayer 04 leverkusen is a stadium based in what german football club ?
the hawaiian cottage was established on a hawaiian party that may feature how many food ?
what county is fighting cock located in ?
giselle cossard binon omindarewa , duke of caxias of rio de janeiro , was a french brazilian anthropologist and writer , she was also known as mother giselle of yemoja ?
how many students were enrolled in the high school attended by chris barnes ?
" numb " is a song by barbadian singer rihanna , from which american rapper ?
what is the name of the american retired professional basketball player who led the hawks in scoring in the 1995–96 atlanta hawks season ?
at which college did the player who was replaced by bryan embiid on december 7 , 2015 play ?
what team did the shortest nba player inducted into the basketball hall of fame play for ?
the " white nights " is a kind of all-night arts festival held in several cities in finland , in late august , the original festival is the white nights ?
who was born first , william maldon or william maldon " bill " ponsford ?
evening in byzantium stars which actor who was nominated for the academy award for best supporting actor in 1954 ?
what season was the first introduced season of the american abc fantasy-drama " once upon a time " ?
the winter olympic games were held in 1896 , due to which international multi-sport event that is hosted by a different city every four years four years ?
what is a bi-annual british style magazine founded in 2009 by a british fashion photographer , who regularly shoots for " vogue " , " w " magazines . ?
mark lawrence played for what team that was founded during the 1967 nhl expansion as the minnesota north ?
what is the chemical formula of the acid that is an intermediate in the citric acid cycle ?
what is the ncaa division for the state university in which michael beasley jr. played college basketball ?
the 1997–98 ucla bruins men 's basketball team represented which basketball team coached by tubby smith ?
from birth to burial is the seventh studio album , by which american alternative metal band , formed in knoxville , tennessee in 1999 ?
schottenstein stores , based in columbus , ohio , is a holding company for various ventures of the schottenstein family , jerome schottenstein and who ?
the mill is based on a bank that is now known by what name ?
linda lingle , is an american politician , who was the sixth governor of hawaii from 2002 until 2010 , lingle was also the first female governor of hawaii since ?
stories usa stars which american actor who is best known for playing michael scott on the american version of " the office " ?
anil srinivasan is well known for his collaborative work with a foremost young performing musicians of carnatic music in what ?
" i like 'em big and stupid " was the debut single by an american radio broadcaster and record collector specializing where ?
jed hoyer joined which american businessman and founder of john w. henry & company ?
what is the most populous city in the county that caleb stegall was born in ?
who used the phrase " les cent jours " ( the hundred days ) ?
alex the dog was the mascot for what beer in the 1980s ?
who directed the 1984 british television drama in which " the price of coal " is a part of ?
what type of document does timecamp and bill have in common ?
james cromwell , is an american actor , some of his more notable films include which 2010 american biographical sports drama film , written by mike rich ?
willi meurer was a german cyclist who competed in an international multi-sport event that was held in 1936 in what city ?
jonny browning is an american instrumental surf musician , primarily known as touring guitarist victor vector for the band man or astro-man ? . ?
good boy ! stars an american actress who was a breakthrough role in what 1995 film ?
what country does 2016 baku series round and sergey sirotkin have in common ?
kim english , jr. ( born september 24 , 1988 ) is an american former professional basketball player , he played college basketball for the university of missouri before being ?
what does farewell of slavianka and farewell of slavianka have in common ?
evan buliung played the role of aragorn in the toronto production of the most prominent of several theatre adaptations of what ?
what is the middle name of the star of southern child ?
uvf mid-ulster brigade was part of an attack that took place on what date ?
the 1998 iaaf grand prix final was held at a stadium that has how many seats ?
mary luana williams was the father of the actor who was a daughter of which actor ?
daniel gilbert is the chairman of a mortgage lending company headquartered in what city ?
devorah adler is a former assistant director for the barack obama campaign for the democratic presidential nomination for a democratic presidential nomination in what year ?
the toyota fj cruiser shares many structural underpinnings with a leading producer of what ?
kenn scott is a toronto-based screenwriter who has written for an animated television series that ended in what year ?
a sparse image is a type of disk image file used in macos which is a disk encryption program in what ?
the seven habits of highly effective teens is a book written by an american educator who most popular book was what ?
when did the nickelodeon show featuring david lee stenstrom air on nickelodeon ?
who was the grandfather of the man crowned king of germany at frankfurt on 4 march 1152 ?
which star of scream 2 was born on june 16 , 1955 ?
what is the name of the larger largest shopping centre in adelaide that is home to the westfield tea tree plaza ?
the 50th military airlift squadron was stationed at the air force base named after which pioneer ?
derek branning is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera " eastenders " , played by an english actor who is married to what scottish actress ?
who did the actress who played hester fields in the sitcom " fresh fields " play in the musical revue showcasing the songs of stephen sondheim ?
the wedding anthem for princess anne was first performed at a palace located in what city ?
śivarāma swami is a vaishnava guru and a religious leader for a gaudiya set in what village ?
" san francisco bay blues " is an american folk song and is generally considered to be the most famous composition by jesse fuller , was an american rock singer ?
zdeno chára is currently serving as captain of a professional ice hockey team based in what city ?
what retired canadian professional ice hockey player was a member of the national lacrosse league during the 1998 nll season ?
the atlanta zero mile post is a stone marker of a shopping and entertainment district first opened in what year ?
walk all over me is a canadian film released in 2007 written by robert cuffley , the film stars tricia janine helfer , a canadian model and actress ?
what is a comedy horror action hack and slash video game consoles that stars tara strong ?
in what county is the 2011 wichita wild season located ?
the valdosta state blazers football team represented valdosta state university during the 2013 ncaa division blazers , a collegiate athletic conference affiliated at the national collegiate athletic association ( ncaa ?
sweet baby is the debut single by which argentine pop band from their debut album " señales " ?
babycham is the trade name of a light , sparkling perry invented by francis showering , a brewer in shepton mallet in somerset , in which country ?
when was the rapper who released the album michel'le born ?
how many miles is the massacre that bearhead mountain is named after ?
who was born first , yana dyagileva or alexander nickolaevich ?
what south african anti-apartheid and social rights activist and anglican bishop was involved with the internal resistance to " apartheid " in south africa ?
who was the personal assistant to the commander of the american expeditionary force that started on the western front in world war i ?
what type of music does maggie gripenberg and dalcroze eurhythmics have in common ?
what show hosted by tom bergeron did erin andrews have a role in ?
what is the name of this american animated television series created by marine biologist and animator stephen hillenburg , who created robocalypse ?
the search for everything : wave one was an album by the singer who attended what college in boston ?
reid harrison is an american screenwriter and television producer , he has written for which 2003 action-adventure platforming video game developed by avalanche software ?
what country of origin does hellyeah and mudvayne have in common ?
the 2003 nhl entry draft was held at the gaylord entertainment center in what city ?
the lady of the valley is dedicated to the roman soldier who was sentenced to recant faith during what faith ?
what british independent film producer and founder of rough diamond productions established an 2004 romantic drama film based on shakespeare 's play ?
the woman featured in the soundtrack of the woman in red : original motion picture soundtrack became a united nations global ambassador for what organization ?
valencia cf had a successful season , finishing in the top four of la liga , among the main players behind the success included which retired argentine footballer who played ?
telescope hill is located in what town that is the highest point of elevation in the town of brookhaven , on long island , new york ?
what type of film is barking dogs never bite ?
who directed a german pejorative term used to refer to tabloid journalism and the yellow press ?
everest disaster is a 1997 bestselling non-fiction book whose expedition was led by an american writer primarily known for his writings about what ?
go-op ( full name go ! cooperative ltd ) , is an open access train operating company which is currently proposing to operate a service between taunton and swindon ?
the 13th anniversary show took place at a hotel owned and operated by who ?
finola dwyer , is a uk-based new zealand film producer and editor , best known for her films , including which 2015 british-canadian-irish romantic drama film directed by john crowley ?
biloxi point is a census-designated place in a city with what population as of the 2010 census ?
crucible is a geodemography computer system created by a united kingdom-based grocery company that has stores in how many countries ?
the shadow is a 1994 american superhero film starring an english actor who received how many emmy award nominations ?
the public domain follows characters whose lives were impacted by an eight-lane , steel truss arch bridge that killing how much people ?
the f. w. woolworth company is an historic building in what city that is a contributing building in the public square historic district ?
who wrote the screenplay for the 1961 french film directed by alain resnais in 1963 ?
the skull starred the english actor who was a career spanning how many years ?
who was a military commander of the last active ruler of the ptolemaic kingdom of egypt ?
what year was the band who released the album " what if ? " formed ?
when was the town that emma gramatica was born in renamed ?
" you 'll be back " is the seventh song from act 1 of which musical , which premiered on broadway in 2015 ?
chris jones was a welsh semi-professional footballer , currently with the likes of which english former professional footballer who played as a centre-back , and current television pundit for bt ?
who is a hong kong film actor , musician , producer , entrepreneur , and fashion designer born in 1980 , who worked with kwok kin pong ?
the prospect of whitby is a historic public house that lays claim to being the site of the oldest riverside tavern , dating when ?
eat to live for fast and sustained weight loss is a book written by an american celebrity doctor who calls what diet ?
jorge aguirre was the co-creator of what show with rick gitelson ?
ziggy rozalski is a polish american boxing manager and promoter , he represents which polish professional boxer , and is a former two-weight world champion ?
socks clinton was the pet cat of the president who has won how many times ?
the first season of the amazing race canada was a reality game show based on a book written by who ?
how much did the earliest definitely human remains found in australia ?
the white house office is headed by which building just west of the white house ?
robert von ancken is a prominent new york city real estate appraiser , whose accomplishments include what building that was the world 's tallest building for 11 months ?
the general dynamics f-16 fighting falcon is a single-engine supersonic engine manufactured by which afterburning turbofan engine manufactured by pratt & whitney ?
elizabeth austin has written articles for the monthly english language fitness magazine founded by whom ?
where was the incumbent mayor of jackson , mississippi born ?
orville maynard siegfried was a professional american football player for the st. louis all-stars , he attended high school where ?
terry norris starred in a 2007 australian drama film based on a memoir by who ?
the presidential oath of abraham lincoln was administered by an chief justice that died in what year ?
ignite ! learning , inc. is an educational software and hardware company co-founded by an american businessman who is the fourth of six children of what former president ?
princess marie-cécile of prussia was a granddaughter of a queen born in what year ?
" makin ' up for lost time " is a song recorded as a duet by american country music artists crystal gayle and who ?
alex shevelev was born in a city that serves as the capital of what ?
the coal creek war was an early 1890s armed labor uprising in the southeastern united states that took place primarily in anderson county , tennessee , this labor conflict ignited ?
who was the husband of the husband of the democratic party ambassador to france during the 1972 presidential election ?
copsi was a supporter of a historic walled city at the confluence of which rivers ?
coke kahani is a 2012 pakistani comedy drama sitcom , starring which pakistani actor and writer from islamabad best known for his comic roles ?
the blackfin is a family of 16- or 32-bit microprocessors developed and marketed by an american multinational semiconductor company headquartered where ?
