what government position was held by the woman who portrayed corliss archer in the film kiss and tell ?
what science fantasy young adult series , told in first person , has a set of companion books narrating the stories of enslaved worlds and alien species ?
the director of the romantic comedy " big stone gap " is based in what new york city ?
2014 s/s is the debut album of a south korean boy group that was formed by who ?
who was known by his stage name aladin and helped organizations improve their performance as a consultant ?
the arena where the lewiston maineiacs played their home games can seat how many people ?
who is older , annie morton or terry richardson ?
what is the name of the fight song of the university whose main campus is in lawrence , kansas and whose branch campuses are in the kansas city metropolitan area ?
what screenwriter with credits for " evolution " co-wrote a film starring nicolas cage and téa leoni ?
what year did guns n roses perform a promo for a movie starring arnold schwarzenegger as a former new york police detective ?
the football manager who recruited david beckham managed manchester united during what timeframe ?
brown state fishing lake is in a country that has a population of how many inhabitants ?
the vermont catamounts men 's soccer team currently competes in a conference that was formerly known as what from 1988 to 1996 ?
roger o. egeberg was assistant secretary for health and scientific affairs during the administration of a president that served during what years ?
which other mexican formula one race car driver has held the podium besides the force india driver born in 1990 ?
this singer of a rather blustery day also voiced what hedgehog ?
aside from the apple remote , what other device can control the program apple remote was originally designed to interact with ?
what was the father of kasper schmeichel voted to be by the iffhs in 1992 ?
who was the writer of these boots are made for walkin ' and who died in 2007 ?
the 2011–12 vcu rams men 's basketball team , led by third year head coach shaka smart , represented virginia commonwealth university which was founded in what year ?
kaiser ventures corporation was founded by an american industrialist who became known as the father of modern american shipbuilding ?
what is the name for the adventure in " tunnels and trolls " , a game designed by ken st. andre ?
when was poison 's album " shut up , make love " released ?
which french ace pilot and adventurer fly l'oiseau blanc
alexander kerensky was defeated and destroyed by the bolsheviks in the course of a civil war that ended when ?
seven brief lessons on physics was written by an italian physicist that has worked in france since what year ?
the livesey hal war memorial commemorates the fallen of which war , that had over 60 million casualties ?
ralph hefferline was a psychology professor at a university that is located in what city ?
where is the company that sachin warrier worked for as a software engineer headquartered ?
a japanese manga series based on a 16 year old high school student ichitaka seto , is written and illustrated by someone born in what year ?
the battle in which giuseppe arimondi lost his life secured what for ethiopia ?
alfred balk served as the secretary of the committee on the employment of minority groups in the news media under which united states vice president ?
a medieval fortress in dirleton , east lothian , scotland borders on the south side of what coastal area ?
who is the writer of this song that was inspired by words on a tombstone and was the first track on the box set back to mono ?
what type of forum did a former soviet statesman initiate ?
which british first-generation jet-powered medium bomber was used in the south west pacific theatre of world war ii ?
which year and which conference was the 14th season for this conference as part of the ncaa division that the colorado buffaloes played in with a record of 2-6 in conference play ?
in 1991 euromarché was bought by a chain that operated how any hypermarkets at the end of 2016 ?
what race track in the midwest hosts a 500 mile race eavery may ?
in what city did the " prince of tenors " star in a film based on an opera by giacomo puccini ?
ellie goulding worked with what other writers on her third studio album , delirium ?
which australian city founded in 1838 contains a boarding school opened by a prime minister of australia and named after a school in london of the same name .
d1nz is a series based on what oversteering technique ?
who is younger keith bostic or jerry glanville ?
according to the 2001 census , what was the population of the city in which kirton end is located ?
what distinction is held by the former nba player who was a member of the charlotte hornets during their 1992-93 season and was head coach for the wnba team charlotte sting ?
what is the name of the executive producer of the film that has a score composed by jerry goldsmith ?
what was the roud folk song index of the nursery rhyme inspiring what are little girls made of ?
scott parkin has been a vocal critic of exxonmobil and another corporation that has operations in how many countries ?
what wb supernatrual drama series was jawbreaker star rose mcgowan best known for being in ?
vince phillips held a junior welterweight title by an organization recognized by what larger hall of fame ?
what is the name of the singer who 's song was released as the lead single from the album " confessions " , and that had popular song stuck behind for eight consecutive weeks ?
who is the younger brother of the episode guest stars of the hard easy
the 2017–18 wigan athletic f.c . season will be a year in which the team competes in the league cup known as what for sponsorship reasons ?
which of tara strong major voice role in animated series is an american animated television series based on the dc comics fictional superhero team , the " teen titans " ?
what is the inhabitant of the city where 122nd ss-standarte was formed in2014
what color clothing do people of the netherlands wear during oranjegekte or to celebrate the national holiday koningsdag ?
what was the name of the 1996 loose adaptation of william shakespeare 's " romeo & juliet " written by james gunn ?
robert suettinger was the national intelligence officer under which former governor of arkansas ?
what american professional hawaiian surfer born 18 october 1992 won the rip curl pro portugal ?
what is the middle name of the actress who plays bobbi bacha in suburban madness ?
alvaro mexia had a diplomatic mission with which tribe of indigenous people ?
what nationality were social anthropologists alfred gell and edmund leach ?
in which year was the king who made the 1925 birthday honours born ?
what is the county seat of the county where east lempster , new hampshire is located ?
the album against the wind was the 11th album of a rock singer robert c seger born may 6 1945. what was the rock singers stage name ?
rostker v. goldberg held that the practice of what way of filling armed forces vacancies was consitutional ?
handi-snacks are a snack food product line sold by what american multinational confectionery , food , and beverage company that is based in illinois ?
what was the name of a woman from the book titled " their lives : the women targeted by the clinton machine " and was also a former white house intern ?
when was the american lawyer , lobbyist and political consultant who was a senior member of the presidential campaign of donald trump born ?
in what year was the novel that lourenço mutarelli based " nina " on based first published ?
how many copies of roald dahl 's variation on a popular anecdote sold ?
andrew jaspan was the co-founder of what not-for-profit media outlet ?
which american film director hosted the 18th independent spirit awards in 2002 ?
where does the hotel and casino located in which bill cosby 's third album was recorded ?
in what month is the annual documentary film festival , that is presented by the fortnightly published british journal of literary essays , held ?
tysons galleria is located in what county ?
bordan tkachuk was the ceo of a company that provides what sort of products ?
in which city is the ambassador of the rabat-salé-kénitra administrative region to china based ?
where did the descendants of the group of black indians associated with the seminole people settle ?
david huntsinger has worked with this gospel singer born in the month of july ?
what year was the brother of this first round draft pick by the washington redskins drafted ?
where is the stadium at which 1964 georgia tech yellow jackets football team played their home game located ?
since 2 june 2017 , the leader of fine gael had been held by which irish fine gael politician who has served as taoiseach and minister for defence ?
which american film actor and dancer starred in the 1945 film johnny angel ?
hree men on a horse is a play by a playwright born in which year ?
what type of activity does owner earnings and warren buffett have in common ?
when was the former indian cricketer who made his odi debuts during the 2000 icc knockout trophy born ?
which airplane was this major test-flying after whom the base , that 514th flight test squadron is stated at , is named ?
based on a true story ... is an album by which country music star , with the single my eyes ?
over how many centuries were the " dwelling place of the dead " built ?
when was the british author who wrote the novel on which " here we go round the mulberry bush " was based born ?
which component of shellite has the formula ( on ) choh ?
the argentine pga championship record holder has won how many tournaments worldwide ?
suicide 's 1977 released album features a song based on what brand 's comic character ?
what other political position did the person who introduced the disclose act hold ?
what major truck road is located in backford cross ?
in which role did caroline carver played in a 1999 hallmark entertainment made-for-tv fantasy movie ?
what 's the name of the fantasy film starring sarah bolger , featuring a new england family who discover magical creatures around their estate ?
maxeda has been owned since 2004 by which american multinational equity firm ?
the youngest daughter of lady mary-gaye curzon stars with douglas smith and lucien laviscount in what 2017 film ?
mummulgum is a stop on the bruxner highway before reaching the town on the banks of which river ?
which american audio engineer and clandestine chemist , who was a key figure in the san francisco bay area hippie movement during the 1960s recorded the album " old and in the way ? "
when was the palace founded at which columba de dunbar died in 1435 ?
where is the bubblegum alley , that is similar to gum wall , located in california ?
at what venue was the january 2 , 2012 game featured the university of louisville team ?
alice david is the voice of lara croft in a video game developed by which company ?
which eminem album included vocals from a singer who had an album titled " unapologetic " ?
this american crime film set in south los angeles was written and directed by the same director and writer of screenwriter of " street kings " , " end of watch " , " sabotage " , " fury " and what other film ?
supermansion starred the actress who had a recurring role as whom on workaholics ?
the 1974 texas tech raiders football team represented what public research university in lubbock , texas ?
during siege of bharatpur , which commander-in-chief of ireland and commander-in-chief of india contributed to the storming of the castle ?
for what type of work is the production company for the year without a santa claus best known ?
what year was the film that starred the composer for " the naked brothers band " ?
the author of sexual politics attended which british university ?
both truth in science and discovery embrace what campaign ?
the movies queen of blood and battle beyond the sun both contained scenes from what 1959 soviet feature ?
who was born first , erika jayne or marco da silva
when did the english local newspaper , featuring the sculpture and war memorial in the forbury gardens , change names ?
what is the name of the isles who were led by aonghus mór and covered a total land area of over 8300 km2 ?
who is bruce spizer an expert on , known as the most influential act of the rock era ?
which song was behind the third single on the album " a lot about livin ' ( and a little 'bout love ) " for two weeks on the country charts ?
marcus wayne garland spent nine seasons with an american professional baseball team that is based in baltimore , maryland , and was one of the american league 's original eight charter franchises when the league was established in what year ?
the lamp used in many lighthouses is similiar to this type of lamp patented in 1780 by aimé argand ?
the songs from the sountrack to " when harry met sally " are performed by a singer that has had how many top 20 us albums ?
where was the world cup hosted that algeria qualified for the first time into the round of 16 ?
what retailer in abq uptown is headquarted in poole , dorset , united kingdom ?
what football club plays in the area between the old tool gates : brook bar and trafford bar ?
the song " chim chim cher-ee " can be heard in the " mary poppins " scene of a disney ride that debuted in what year ?
who held the record for the longest service in the australian parliament for a woman , and was surpassed by a former australian politician who was the 29th speaker of the house of representatives ?
which man who presented the australia 2022 fifa world cup bid was born on october 22 , 1930 ?
what major city is the faith lutheran middle school and high school located by ?
what british singer-songwriter hosted the 16th annual young hollywood awards ?
who did the star and dagger bass player marry ?
in 2017 , what was 3/4th of the organization that also has a center for veterinary medicine as well as part of the u.s. department of health and human services , spent on ?
both bishop carroll catholic high school and kapaun mt . carmel catholic high school are located in which city in kansas ?
what was the 58th quadrennial american presidential election held after the 2016 michigan democratic primary ?
this celtic ruler who was born in ad 43 ruled southeastern britain prior to conquest by which empire ?
what is the name of the detective novelist parent of the author of ' " q " is for quarry ' ?
what is the birthplace of the senator who represents the first of 62 districts in the state senate ?
the memphis hustle are based in a suburb of a city with a population of what in 2010 ?
which songwriting duo composed music for " la la land " , and created lyrics for " a christmas story : the musical " ?
which of the city at the south of shelly beach , new south wales is a local government area in the hunter region of new south wales , australia ?
works by hanna leena kristiina varis are part of a collection in a museum that houses approximately 65,000 what ?
when was the western germanic language spoken from which the small settlement situated on the river leda opposite leer derives its name ?
born on 6 march 1937 , this man was also a citizen of the united kingdom .
what country does hatton hill and hatton castle , angus have in common ?
what podcast was the cheif executive officer of nerdist industries a guest on ?
randall cunningham ii was a multi-sport athlete at the high school located in what nevada city ?
which english musician is known for both the songs " see yourself " and " withing you without you " ?
which professional ice hockey position does the captain of the national hockey league all-star game " away team " play ?
what year did the series on cbs , starring the actor who known for his role in " rebel without a cause , " air ?
what season was the character introduced that becomes the main antagonist in the following season , from the animated television series created by bryan konietzko and michael dante dimartino as a sequel to " " , which aired from 2005 to 2008 ?
who were the directors of the 2009 american science fiction film starring the actor who played dexter morgan in the showtime tv network series " dexter " ?
which travel parody series featured american actor , comedian , and radio host best known as the host of " the joe schmo show " ?
tefik selim mborja was a part of a party that held power in albania until what year ?
joe walker played for which team that ends their regular season with the civil war rivalry game ?
what station broadcast the episode " marry me a little , marry me a little more " , of the series created by max mutchnick and david kohan ?
georges-henri bousquet translated the work of a historian who is of what heritage ?
in which city are the headquarters of the american research and scientific development company where ravi sethi worked as computer scientist located ?
what is the full name of the viral respiratory disease in which yi guan 's research helped to prevent the outbreak of ?
which kentucky writers hall of fame author has had works published by dim gray bar press ?
what director worked with vikram bhatt on a film starring actors rajneesh duggal and adah sharma ?
robert smith founded the multinational company headquartered in what city ?
what amount was the settlement that the character from the son of al quada got in 2017 ?
considered the strongest recorded tropical cyclone , which cyclone had a film made about it in 2007 ?
the 2000 british film snatch was later adapted into a television series for what streaming service ?
chris williams last played for which football club from the national league north ?
who designed the hotel that held the ifbb professional bodybuilding competition in september 1991 ?
at the 71st golden globe awards for television in 2013 , what achievement did breaking bad , police sitcom brooklyn nine-nine and american hustle attain ?
which actor does american beauty and american beauty have in common ?
onika tanya maraj is a judge on a television show hosted by whom ?
who was chamberlain and colonel of the military staff of the merrie monarch ?
which post dc extended universe actress will also play a role in what is intended to be the fifth installment of the dc extended universe ?
who was the captain of the only battleship to provide gunfire support during the vietnam war ?
the polar bears featuring the voice of armie hammer , is also the same voice actor for which character in cars 3 ?
is the pakistan fast bowler who joined the kent county cricket club in june , 2011 a left-hand or right-hand batsmans ?
the tennessee volunteers football team plays as a member for a conference in what city ?
ernest foot was the best friend of the fighter pilot who had how many victories ?
from march 631 to april 631 , farrukhzad khosrau v was the king of an empire that succeeded which empire ?
which suburb is a soap opera featuring a character named beverly marshall set in ?
which country did the falkland islands beat in the 2010 commonwealth games that has eleven administrative divisions ?
which netflix series " unbreakable " character is elizabeth claire kemper known for playing ?
which television series featured an actor who also performed in " the young ones " ?
in what century did this native warrior and chief , whose brother tenskwatawa led the tippecanoe order of battle , become the primary leader of a large , multi tribal confederacy ?
what film was written and directed by joby harold with music written by samuel sim ?
what is the name of the ethnic group who settled in canada in the 17th century that participated in a conflict with irish catholic immigrants in the shiners ' war ?
the author of the thing of it is ... is what nationality ?
how long is the bridge in the öresund region that connect copenhagen , denmark and malmo , sweden ?
martin patterson " pat " hingle was a close friend of an actor who achieved success in what western tv series ?
what building is opposite the ceremonial meeting place of the accession council in the united kingdom ?
what material did a hairdresser from yorkshire , england invent that was named by his granddaughter ?
one raffles place is one of the tallest skyscrapers in the city of singapore and tallest in the wolrd outside north america until it was succeeded by a building in city ?
what is the nickname of the city where darling 's waterfront pavilion is located ?
the kansas city wizards have had three home venues in kansas city in their time . which was their first ?
henry hall is known for fighting in the revolutionary war , and for being the first to successfully cultivate this food found in what type of bogs ?
a scam involving a male calling small town fast-food restaurants and pretending to be a police officer to have them strip search employees was turned into a movie of what name ?
what airport serviced by american airlines shuttle , is also the largest airport in the new england region and 17th busiest in the u.s ?
what arcade game is named after the only player in major league history to have a 0.300 batting average for 7 consecutive seasons ?
what american actress/singer born in 1956 recorded the song something there for beauty and the beast ?
which professional baseball player and national 1993 baseball hall of fame inductee is featured in the greatest sports legends anthology ?
salisbury woodland gardens links a zoo with a park designed and built under the watchful eye of who ?
what class of instrument does apatim majumdar play ?
jamie harris is best known for his role as the hook-handed man in a movie directed by who ?
how many laps did harry prowell run during the 10,000 metres race at the 1967 pan american games ?
yoann lemoine , a french video director , has created music videos for lana del rey , katy perry , and an orchestral country pop ballad by which top pop artist ?
what is opry mills in nashville , tennessee ?
spaceware sky division ii is manufactured by this subsidiary , which is one of twelve subdivisions of inner mongolia , china ?
in 1999 , spirit halloween llc was purchased by a mall retailer that has how many stores in the united states and canada ?
james fieser received his b.a . from what liberal arts work college that was founded in 1855 ?
what year did roy rogers and his third wife star in a film directed by frank mcdonald ?
the name " mountbatten-windsor " applies to male-line descendants of the queen without royal styles and titles which is a eurpean dynasty resulting in what family ?
who is known for producing the documentary television series based on the book by science historian james burke ?
armageddon in retrospect was written by the author who was best known for what 1969 satire novel ?
patrick kennedy is known for his collections of irish folktales from a province situated in which part of ireland ?
what nifl premier intermediate league team did sean connor play for ?
which character does this protagonist , who secretly loves and marries a member of the rival house , of william shakespeare 's tragedy that has a fictional character benvolio slay ?
what was the name of the fanzine that interviewed the sex pistols bassist when he was in the band " the flowers of romance ? "
what , known as aas , is commonly used in bodybuilding ?
which american character actor who starred on the television series " stargate sg-1 " ( 1997–2007 ) and appeared in " episode 8 " of " twin peaks " as a guest star ?
candy coburn has shared the stage with an american country music group with who playing guitar ?
what is the population according to the 2007 population census of the city in which the national archives and library of ethiopia is located ?
which composer created night ferry first performed in 2012 at symphony center in chicago ?
to which aircraft carrier was the vmf-213 marine fighting squadron assigned to durning world war ii ?
what movie did pitof direct which had an action-adventure tie-in video game based off of it in 2004 ?
on 16 january 1995 " first knight " was being filmed at a studio located how far from windsor ?
what is the name of the actress who has received a drama desk award and was part of the cast album for the 2007 broadway production of the hit musical , " grease " ?
marion greene was a health policy analyst for st. judt medical company , which had how many principal operations worldwide ?
in what city was the italian baroque composer who composed a set of sonatas , titled op . 5 , born ?
meaning " reddish water " in hawaiian , which location was butch van artsdalen known for surfing 25-foot waves at ?
what type of magazine is eugene habecker the chairman of ?
flyboys stars which actor who was nominated for an academy award for " 127 hours " ?
the english actor kris marshall played which character in the highly rated comedy-drama television series " death in paradise " ?
in what month was the relief first officer of the flight that crashed on its way to cairo with a stop in new york born ?
i 'd come for you is a single by the band formed in what alberta city ?
other than racing , what sport does the 1998 champion of the toyota grand prix practice ?
where did ian harland study prior to studying at the oldest college at the university of cambridge ?
in what 1997 american mystery crime film did johnny galecki start in ?
what record did the super bowl xxxiv champions finish the regular-season with in 1999 ?
what is the population of the town at the intersection of interstate highways 77 and the longest interstate highway within the borders of virginia ?
what was the nickname of the hitman hired by an italian american criminal organization ?
what was the position of jean baptiste androuet du cerceau under the man who was king of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth from 1573 to 1575 ?
which american music star appeared as a guest in a will & grace episode called " back up , dancer " ?
what army did the namesake of the ship launched as the münchen in 1930 fight in during the american revolutionary war ?
the church of the guanche people was founded in the city that is on the most populated island of what larger area ?
what officially ended the first phase of the military conflict between the british raj and the emirate of afghanistan from 1878 to 1880 ?
the mass killing that took place at oakland , california on april 2 , 2012 was less deadly than the one that took place on october 1 , 2015 in which state ?
when did the rock band that sang " all join hands " rise to prominence ?
where is the company that owns thanking horse pub restaurant chain based ?
what is the uppermost age range for the sort of fiction written by alexander gordon smith ?
what is the birthday of the actress who was the duchess in " the revengers tragedy " ?
which film starring patrick tatten is based on a book written by steve lopez ?
the 1984 film " marlene " is a documentary about an actress born in what year ?
which former mill town is near rivington hall barn ?
what prolific english engineer , who died on 15 december 1857 , contributed to the advent of the hot air engine by way of their open cycle devices ?
what is the year of the event that occured first , making today a perfect day was produced , or frozen was produced ?
where is the cocoa krispies and former superman sponsor located ?
how many days did it take the best new artist of 2009 to sell 2 million copies of an album in the uk and break a twenty year old record ?
" ew ! " is a song by a television host born where ?
the northern english anglian kingdom in the humber estuary spoke what dialect of english ?
what kentucky county has a population of 60,316 and features the lake louisvilla neighborhood ?
two positions were filled in the voice of ireland b which british-irish girl group based in london , england ?
what is the international football competition for women that liu ailing played in the 1991,1995 , 1999 editions ?
rock springs is a collection of short stories by an author born in what year ?
folie à deux is a studio album by the american rock band formed in which city ?
this work of literature _______ , known by its greek title oedipus tyrannus was argued by sigmund freud to be one of the greatest works of world literature in his 1928 article .
katherine waterston and chrisann brennan has what in common ?
the voice of homer simpson also voices what alien character in the television series " the simpsons " ?
what studio album did kanye west record with roc-a-fella records and soul singer dwele ?
the city that contains the yunnan provincial museum is also known by what nickname ?
where is the singer of " b boy " raised ?
the column of saint zanobi is a monumental marble column located just north of religious building with the status of what ?
the ingerophrynus gollum is named after a character in a book that sold how many copies ?
what danish eurodance group had a single called " barbie girl " which resulted in a lawsuit in 2002 ?
mamie gummer played the role of nancy crozier on the tv series airing on what network ?
what country do both adnan akmal and kamran akmal represent in cricket ?
what is the capacity of the stadium , other than kauffman stadium , designed by charles deaton ?
who is the current drummer of the band who did the song " what lovers do " ?
what 2017 christopher b. landon directed american slasher film is jessica rothe starring in ?
who was the president of the sinn fein political party during the hume-adams dialogue ?
garden island naval chapel is the oldest chistian chapel of a naval branch of what defence force ?
július satinský was born in a city that has a current population of what ?
what was the name of the 19th century foundry which was located in a village directly across the hudson river from westpoint in putnam county , new york ?
what fictional character created by tom clancy was turned into a film in 2002 ?
wheat salad is composed typically of what red fruit ?
what year did the biographical-comedy-crime film directed by steven soderbergh about the highest-level corporate executive whistleblower come out ?
when was the album that includes the song by dustin lynch released to country radio on february 17 , 2017 ?
vanessa bley is what person who organizes and often finances concerts , plays , or operas , performing a role ?
bartlett 's bridge was built by the engineer who worked for the county seat of which massachusetts county ?
what city did the characters from gargoyles the movie : the heroes awaken wake up in after being in an enchantedly petrified state for a thousand years ?
who were the producers of the show for which chris mckay made his feature film directorial debut ?
the waterloo vase has been used as a garden ornament at whose residence and administrative headquarters ?
scott sandelin grew up in a town in what minnesota county ?
the 37th disney animated feature film tarzan features you 'll be in my heart by which artist ?
what type of media does j. t. petty and outlast have in common ?
where did the architect of the governor 's house , located in knutsford , graduate from college ?
what is the latest album of tim hecker , the canadian electronic music maker ?
what is the name of this fortune 500 american company that operates a chain of retail home improvement stores that sponsored house rules ?
for what " first " was ivory lee brown 's nephew credited for in heisman trophy balloting ?
haruki murakami said that writing " dance dance dance " had been a healing act after his unexpected fame following the publication of a novel published in which year ?
erica packer was the second wife of what australian businessman ?
what country does eric a. sykes and eccles , greater manchester have ion common ?
what south korean actor was a member of the pop duo tvxq and stared in heading to the ground , a 2009 mbc television series ?
what year was the film " mom " released , starring the voice of shashaa tirupati ?
for one night only was hosted by the man most well-known for hosting what show from 1962 until 1999 ?
what company did roscoe channing form with the owner of a leading stable of thoroughbred racehorses ?
jens risom introduced what type of design , characterized by minimalism and functionality ?
which of the movie which has rich lee 3-d previsualizations was directed by francis lawrence ?
what criteria subjectively qualifies the houston astrodome to be called the eighth wonder of the world ?
who did the doncaster belles play in the 1994 fa women 's cup final held at glanford park ?
what act for innocent records achieved platinum sales and shares its name with a primary color in the rgb color model ?
what national historic district is located near a village in the town of philipstown , new york ?
which american writer wrote both the ganymede takeover ( 1967 ) and the man in the high castle ( 1962 ) ?
curt menefee is the host of the fox network 's nfl show with co-host michael anthony strahan who spent his entire 15-year career with what team ?
francisco jose hernandez was a participant in an invasion that took place in what year ?
dead but rising was a song by the danish band fomed in what city in 2001 ?
the man , who the award in which " summer of the monkeys " won , was a spokesman for white sector of america ?
which lead actor/actress in war chhod na yaar has also acted in bengali and english-language films ?
what type of movie are wishing stairs and voice ?
which cast member of alice upside down also stars in the abc family/freeform drama " switched at birth ? "
what kind of movie directed by f. javier gutierrez did an italian model and actress star in ?
in which county is the english king harold godwinson buried ?
who wrote the devils , and was an eninent english theater , opera and film director ?
" kapitän zur see " ernst lindemann was the commander of which one of two battleships built for nazi germany 's " kriegsmarine " ?
which football team does lewis young 's older brother , ashley young , play for ?
snowdrop is a proprietary game engine first revealed with an online-only action role-playing video game developed by who ?
wendy ayche was featured in 2016 in an annual production created by youtube and what other organization ?
john macgregor , baron macgregor of pulham market was educated at the university of st andrews and another university established by what monach ?
american blues included the drummer from which american rock band ?
the indian actor and philanthropist , who starred in " mera damad , " entered the film industry in what year ?
the jeep cherokee was originally sold as a variant of a jeep model produced during what years ?
where was the person born who was recognized by mial and is an american soprano ?
how large is the shopping mall where kgot radio station has its studios ?
what are the names of the members of the detroit-based hip hop duo who has worked with jason gilbert ?
jacques mathou starred in delicatessen , the 1991 french movie in the style of which celebrated american animator ?
jacques sernas , actor in fugitive in trieste , was of what nationality ?
the vmaqt-1 logo is a female spirit in irish mythology who heralds the death of what ?
the actress that played the leading role in the independent film " a perfect ending " also stars with john bregar in a 2008 film directed by who ?
the bart the fink episode of the simpsons aired in february of 1996 , and involves the host of which kiddie show ?
which mall , wilton mall or viaport rotterdam , has had more owners ?
which close friend of an american former basketball player was signed for to play for the timberwolves ?
what is the 2010 population of the city 2.1 miles southwest of marietta air force station ?
how many novels are there in the series of novels of which shadows in flight is the tenth novel ?
one of the coaches of southern methodist university also played what role at the arizona state sun devils ?
what is the height of the player who won the 2015 afl rising star award ?
las vegas festival grounds is north of the hotel that is owned by which company ?
which river system in chilhowie , virginia was the starting place for most longhunters ?
what party does the house of commons representative for congleton belong to ?
season 2 of rick and morty began with the episode directed by whom ?
what team did the recipient of the 2007 brownlow medal play for ?
how long is the river for which frenchmans creek is a tributary ?
where is the school that tyler kalinoski went to located ?
ambrose mendy has managed and/or advised a british professional boxer that as of july 2017 is ranked the world 's seventh best super middleweight by who ?
rejuvelac is kind of grain water invented and promoted by a " holistic health " practitioner born in which year ?
what town host an annual media finance conference that has featured an australian-born american media mogul ?
ronald reagan and george h. w. bush both held which position in office ?
what book provided the foundation for masters and johnson 's research team ?
what star of " attack of the gryphon " was also a voice artist in johnny bravo ?
which fantasy film from 1971 featured the song " the age of not believing " ?
mick carter is the landlord of a public house located at what address ?
what television thriller anthology did the winner of one golden globe , two tony awards and six primetime emmy awards appear on ?
what cayman islands registered mandarin and cantonese-language television broadcaster launched phoenix hong kong channel on 28 march 2011 ?
what is the name of the film starring rose mcgowan and features the character earl mcgraw 's daughter ?
chimaja appawas the younger brother of a general of the maratha empire in india , who served as what to the fifth maratha chhatrapati shahu from 1720 until his death ?
what is the name of the oldest child that attended the trump campaign-russian meeting ?
the 1st virginia regiment saw action at a battle that led to the departure of what royal governor ?
which argentine telenovela broadcast by telefe from march 12 to december 19 , 2012 starred isabel macedo as jimena benitez ?
what was position of the man who served prince andrew from 1990-2001 ?
what shallow water table aquifer is located near the county seat of keith county , nebraska ?
what does the goddess associated with the goddess frigg consists of what tales ?
what competition held in kathmandu , nepal did julian bolling compete in 1984 ?
william pery served as captain of the yeomen of the guard under the lord who served in what position from 1865 to 1868 ?
william cammisano was part of which mafia family ?
1956 night series cup games were played at what inner suburb of melbourne that is 3km south of melbourne 's central business district ?
when did the game which held three times in in east asia first held
blinding edge pictures produced which 2000 film starring bruce willis ?
what kind of dinosaur does raymond ochoa voice in the pixar film " the good dinosaur " ?
which american space western animated series did celebrity home entertainment released
how are elephants connected to gajabrishta ?
kam heskin plays paige morgan in a 2004 film directed by who ?
what 2016 film stars actor xavier samuel and an actress who portrayed vasilisa dragomir in the film " vampire academy " ?
what type of profession does ithu engal neethi and shoba chandrasekhar have in common ?
in what field does the firm at which claudio fernández-aráoz was a currently a senior adviser offers services ?
which " official ireland " group comprises about 78.3 % of the population of ireland ?
where was the telefilm shot that was based on the 1977 katherine paterson book ?
which american cable news and talk radio host was the former gop representative
what division was the college footbal team that fired their head coach on november 24 , 2006 ?
who programmed a cartridge-based development system made by a company noted for authoring atari 's basic ?
which record label released van morrison 's " i 've been working " on the album " his band and the street choir " ?
hate them is the ninth album by a band likened to who ?
how did emilie du chatelet , voltaire 's love , contribute to the basic laws of physics ?
the detroit mayoral elections of 2009 took place to fill the vacancy created by a politician who was sentenced to what ?
in what year was the team that luke clark plays either right back or central midfielder for founded ?
a puzzle-platform video game developed by the valve corporation is part of what 2012 action-adventure game ?
what produces the hormone that promotes sodium retention in the distal nephron ?
how many senate seats will be contested during the midterm elections that nancy soderberg has filed to run for congress in ?
which jazz singer has a 2003 album entitled the boy next door ?
the actor who appeared on charlotte 's shorts and weeds was born in what year ?
after he was contracted by the team that is headquartered in affalterbach , baden-württemberg , germany , dario franchitti competed in what series ?
in which year did this division , where cleveland browns placed fourth in 2009 , adopt its current name ?
how many restaurants comprise the quick service restaurant chain that ron joyce helped found ?
anthony avent played basketball fo a high school that is located in a city approcimately 8 mi west of where ?
what edition of tennis ' us open was the 2017 us open when petra kvitova was a quarterfinalist ?
walt zeboski photographed which 40th president during his campaign in 1980 ?
who was the film which was kim dae-woo 's directing debut about ?
which city was the man who is known for a science humor story based on the tongue-in-cheek combination of two adages born in ?
what was the largest passenger capacity of the plane type used for boac flight 911 ?
what is the birthday of this anglo-irish actress , courtean , and mistress , who was the mother to the illegitimate daughter of king william iv ?
during which years was the model of car , featured on the cover of earth 's " pentastar : in the style of demons " manufactured ?
the " civic rally cross " was sold alongside what other model sold exclusively in japan at honda verno dealerships ?
which constituent college of the university of oxford endows four professorial fellowships for sciences including chemistry and pure mathematics ?
in what london botanical garden can you find the fungus described by elise maud wakefield as " lepiota " ?
who collaborated with rihanna on the album release " numb " ?
christopher oscar pena was recognized by an entertainment-industry brand aimed at what ?
what was the nationality of the actor playing a russian hostage taker in " hostage for a day " ?
the argentine national anthem was adopted 3 years after which event that led to the removal of viceroy baltasar hildalgo de cisneros ?
what number album is the first w.a.s.p . album to feature steven edward duren playing guitar ?
what city did the freebooters f.c . soccer team lose in that is now known as croke park ?
what screenplay was worked on by both edward carfagno and miklos rozsa ?
which avant-garde japanese composer studied with john cage and wrote music for electric metronomes ?
where is the academy , for which joseph d. stewart was appointed superintendent , located ?
james spedding was chiefly known as the editor of the works of an author who served both as attorney general and as what ?
which movie directed by james gunn portrayed the fictional character , ego the living planet ?
the government of canada , which is the federal administration of canada , is involved in what scandal in the province of quebec ?
conrad anker located the body of a mountaineer who took part it the first three british expeditions to which mountain ?
the duke steps out stars an actress who was ranked tenth on a list of greatest female hollywood stars in what year ?
what drum machine was introduced in 1989 and allowed 32 notes to be played simultaneously ?
iselin solheim provided vocals in the song released on what date ?
luke null is an actor who was on the program that premiered its 43rd season on which date ?
with whom did this american singer , songwriter and record producer , who contributed to the single " marvin gaye " with julie frost , co-produced and performed the 2015 song for a movie soundtrack ?
in what year did the guild of music supervisors awards recognize a british-american romantic drama film based on the 1952 romance novel " the price of salt " starring cate blanchett ?
what number president was annie caputo nominated by to become a member of the nuclear regulatory commission ?
jack alfred evans played with a football club team that is based in what city in australia ?
what is the date of birth of the english inventor that developed the richard hornsby & sons oil engine ?
where was the sports complex at which will brodie made his debut in the thirty-five point loss against melbourne located ?
cardinal pole roman catholic school was named after the last roman catholic to hold what position ?
what job did jörgen smit work , where he was working in the world center for the anthroposophical movement ?
the dogwoman telemovies were created by an actress born in what year ?
southeastern illinois college offers an undergraduate academic degree considered to be greater level of education than what ?
the american sweetgum is the hostplant of what kind of bug ?
the first book in the sprawl trilogy won what three awards ?
what drug is among the list of illegal drugs in the philippines and can be taken by mouth or by injection ?
the telenova " el ardiente secreto " was based ona novel published under what pen name ?
in the 2012-13 fc sion they brought in gennaro gattuso and a player who now plays for what scottish team ?
wavn is a gospel formatted broadcast radio station tied to which city in desoto county , mississippi ?
the azad hind dal was created by an indian nationalist whose defiant patriotism made him a hero in india , but whose attempt to rid india of british rule during what war left a troubled legacy ?
what english stand-up comedian has a style of comedy full of " stream-of-conscious banter " ?
what was the highest ranking in the united states for a single written by an english multi-instrumentalist ?
name a musician that worked with hiren roy and vilayat khan .
who is the psychologist who wrote about the disciple of the person known as the " wild woman of buttle " ?
the adoption and safe families act and the adoption 2002 initiative were both instituted under which administration ?
gualdo tadino cathedral , a roman catholic cathedral , was dedicated to saint bendict of nursia who is a patron saint of what continent ?
where was the coach of the 1999 oklahoma state cowboys football team hired in 2013 ?
who is the author of the 1993 production madge ryan participated in ?
on what date will the comedy film directed by kevin tent and starring the bulgarian-canadian actress known for portraying the role of mia jones be released on video on demand services ?
which company owns the hotel on whose premises the cotal arena is located ?
rex riot is known for a remix of the kanye west song that was from which album ?
the company they keep is a book written by diana pavlac glyer , who is a professor at a university in azusa , california , that was founded in 1899 , and is under the auspices of what religion ?
what city and nation was the location of the 2015 pacific games where the kiribati national basketball team finished with a 0-4 record ?
what was the release date and price for the release of mac os x that has the software for creating wwf files ?
which author influenced the animated easter television special " the first easter rabbit " ?
ms. knope goes to washington is the fifth season premiere of an american political comedy television sitcom starring amy poehler as who ?
lorenzo monaco was influenced by which italian painter and architect ?
the 2011 la manga cup was won by viking , who beat which norwegian football club from the town of kristiansand , currently playing in tippeligaen having been promoted from adeccoligaen in 2012 ?
when did the tour begin for the album taylor swift released on october 22 , 2012 ?
at which university did the notable psychoanalyst associated with the university of chicago serve most of his career as a professor of psychiatry ?
chicagoland sports hall of fame was founded by the company located in what washington town , near the state capital ?
the album " the best of leann rimes " contained a song used as the theme song for a film . what is the name of the film ?
my secret hotel is a television series starring a south korean dj who rose to fame as the lead actress in what ?
where was the author of thoughts of machiavelli born ?
the was the album with the song unbelievable by american rapper the notorious b.i.g released ?
which ncaa record does the quarterback of the minnesota vikings hold ?
which king of northumbria did the " historia " gives the abbot central place in his election as king
what foundation do scholars give for the likelihood of collaboration on a william shakespeare play written between 1588 and 1593 ?
fantasy records is know for recordings of comedian lenny bruce , creedence clearwater revival , and what american jazz pianist who composed the music for the animated television adaptations of the " peanuts " comic strip ?
when was the date of birth of one of the founder of congo reform association ?
which country borders the central african republic and is south of libya and east of niger ?
which piece did ludwig van beethoven publish in 1801 that was dedicated to count moritz von fries ?
the american restaurant chain , the original house of pies , is also responsible for an american chain of fruit drink beverage stores with an eponymous beverage consisting of what ?
red mountain is a film that centers on an attempt by a group of what group of civil war rangers ?
in what year did the actor who starred in the tv land original series " the soul man " host the black movie awards ?
what type of engine powered both the saab 36 and the avro vulcan ?
where was the movement that august brancart published literature from centerd ?
caste starred what english character actress who was nominated for an academ award for her performance in room at the top ?
what movie is the the spinning turtle attraction in the worlds 21st largest theme park based off of ?
when was the american actor , film director which dana brunetti is the president of his company born
the song arizona was recorded by paul revere and mark lindsay but who wrote the song ?
stephen susco wrote a movie produced by which american film actor ?
north american aviation was the company that created what single-engined training aircraft ?
" black maverick " is a biography of what american civil rights leader , fraternal organization leader , entrepreneur and surgeon ?
lucas da silva carvalho was an unused reserve runner for a brazilian athletics track event which at top class events is run in lanes for the first what ?
in what year was the actress who was starred in " streak " with rumer willis born ?
watercliffe meadow primary schools name change is an example of what term generally used to describe the avoidance of certain language ?
muz-tv was launched before the 24-hour music channel that was operated by what company ?
who was older , george atzerodt or andrew johnson ?
this event which was part of the 1954 aaa national championship trail was held at a racing circuit located at the corner of what ?
the simpsons episode that aired on february 19 , 2012 entitled " at long last leave " represented what milestone for the show ?
the term moneybomb was coined by trevor lyman to describe a massive online donation drive on behalf of a presidential candidate that was the first chairman of what pac ?
approximately how many locations is bj 's wholesale club operating in , as of early 2008 ?
which north american tribe inhabited the banks of the winnipesaukee river and were also known as the pawtucket people ?
what sub-genre of heavy metal describes the band " it 's alive " ?
when was the duo formed who 's english language song is the " freaky like me " ?
what indigenous american ethnic group that inhabits land in the northern united states and southern canada was part of the treaty of springwells ?
the peabody hotel in memphis ( and a sister hotel in orlando ) are named after what residents of the hotel rooftop ?
in what country was cudjoe 's leader born ?
what is the are of the university at which dick biddle served as head football coach ?
flynn rider is voiced by which american actor and singer born september 29 , 1980 ?
what year was the american healthy lifestyle magazine , in which georgia rickard contributed , started ?
who was one of the stars who played the two oldest children in a tv series which had a 2010 movie based on it ?
jin jing is a chinese female paralympic fencer who called for a boycott of what retailer whose name means crossroads and public square in french ?
what was the occupation of the man who published an individualist anarchist journal ?
berk communication and marketing group best known for representing an american professional baseball pitcher for what team ?
what australian beer is a british style pale ale whose label features a character conceived in 1926 ?
the worst journey in the world is a memoir written by which english explorer of antarctica ?
the panel with striding lion was one of many that lined the way north of the gate to the inner city of what location ?
which part of scotland is this institute found where alice könig is a lecturer in latin and classical studies ?
an american who is a german literature translator and did a thesis on an austrian prodigy born in 1874 taught at which university ?
the singer known as the " ballad prince " was on a romantic comedy that aired on what state-run channel from august 11 to september 30 , 2010 ?
which number-one single is michael steele responsible for ?
who owns an english evening newspaper based in blackpool , lancashire ?
which english actor , comedian and singer is featured in chalk and cheese ?
e ! hollywood hold'em was hosted by a poker player of what nationality ?
sir johnston forbes-robertson was considered the finest at playing a character who was the king of which country ?
thomas matthew " tom " chappell co-founded a commpany in 1970 that manufactures what products ?
which american comedian born on march 21 , 1962 , appeared in the movie " sleepless in seattle ? "
joseph benavidez has been compared favorably to which retired bantamweight and featherweight mma fighter ?
this art gallery is a museum was founded and built by the industrialist and philanthropist who briefly sat as a liberal mp for wirral and later , as lord leverhulme , in the house of lords as a what ?
what role did thomas doherty play in sitcom based on the israeli series " north star " ?
gamesmaster has a sister publicantion that is published how many times per year ?
what is the birthdate of this american comedian , actress , and writer , who was a supporting cast remember in brooklyn nine-nine as gina ?
what type of beliefs does mount ida and rhea have in common ?
what kind of musicians are mark gaudet and jan axel blomberg ?
the lance todd trophy is presented at a stadium located in what country ?
what former nose tackle announced espn college football friday primetime in 2017 ?
which 9th longest-running musical in broadway history was the 30th disney animated feature film ?
when was the seven-time world and olympic medalist on which " foxcatcher " was based born ?
carl von donop was a colonel of which german auxiliaries ?
stacey totman is the former head coach of the college golf team that competes in what conference ?
where does the story take place in 1988 film the moderns ?
the actress that plays kaylee frye in the series " firefly " also stars with alan dale in a sci-fi tv film released in what year ?
in what year did the danish plant ecologist who assisted a danish chemist , famous for the introduction of the concept of ph die ?
who runs the website surpassed by both baidu baike and hudong.com ?
what is rachelle amy beinart 's role in the film that follows a group of rebels on a mission ?
what year was a joint venture between rlj companies and this film studio founded in 2005 , founded ?
what country of origin does the late late show and craig kilborn have in common ?
angelo francesco lavignino scored a 1965 english-language spanish-swiss co-produced film that was directed by and also starred who ?
in 2011 what was the population of the town where deep purple were formed ?
what three categories does income get levied under the parliament of australia 's tax code ?
who commissioned the series of 12 monuments dedicated to the spirit of pioneer women along the ocean-to-ocean highway ?
what form of play does yameen and activision have in common ?
where was the armory at which model 1840 flintlock musket was produced located ?
how many animals does the wall running between the west gate lodge and cardiff castle depict ?
orlando brown is best known for his role as 3j winslow in an american sitcom that was a spin-off of what ?
what is the main industry of this town with a population of around 2,600 as of 2010 that has mountain valley high school attendees as residents ?
what show other than hello ross did chelsea handler appear on in january of 2016
who is still with the group that covered " leather-winged bat " in 1969 ?
how many people were in the group which preceded the release of eric clapton 's 1975 album e.c . was here ?
besides the founder of led zeppelin , and bert jansch , what other to british musician was heavily influenced by davey graham ?
what was the proper name of the husband of lollia paullina ?
what season of the indian reality tv series " big boss " did the model lopamundra raut compete in ?
the song " judgment night " was a collaboration between onyx and the heavy metal band formed in which city ?
what legend that lends its name to a modern medical term , inspired the plot of the horror film ghostkeeper ?
what was the name of the team that represented an arizona university in the conference that covers a broad expanse of the western united states , including arizona , california , and new mexico ?
where will the 2017 atlantic 10 men 's basketball tournament be hosted ?
the major benefactor who donated money to build archbold gymnasium sold his oil company to whom ?
who did fredric rieders tesify agains who had killed as many as 60 patients and recieved three consecutive life terms to be served in florence colorado ?
at the 46th grammy awards , which award did the album by the white stripes , which included the song seven nation army , win ?
the luther seal was designed for the professor of theology of what nationalty at the behest of john frederick of saxony ?
emmett brown rides in a sports car that features what type of doors ?
edmund robert harris is the principal benefactor of a museum located where ?
what was the location of the execution of roger david casement , the irish nationalist who made made efforts during world war i to gain german military aid for the 1916 easter rising that sought to gain irish independence ?
what date did the movement hans knirsch was an activist for officially gain traction ?
who did president franklin roosevelt appoint that was responsible to transmit votes of the electoral college to congress ?
which movie was released first , 'mean girls ' or the remake of 'april fool 's day ' ?
roden brothers were taken over in 1953 by a group headquartered in which canadian city ?
after david stern retired from being commissioner of the nba , this american lawyer and businessman succeed him and is now the current commissioner who is he ?
how many people did the south korean spree killer which nics improvement amendments act of 2007 enabaled to buy firearm killed in 2007
what is the name of the australian specialist electronic music magazine that features avant-rock , experimental sound art , and experimental hip hop ?
joel h. cohen is the younger brother of one-time simpsons writer who has also written for which show ?
which " mirrors " actress made her film debut in the 2005 comedy film " hitch " ?
into dust is a song by the alternative rock band formed in which city ?
who was the leading actor of the christmas movie that rebecca forstadt did background voices for ?
carlos salazar lomelín is the ceo of which mexican multinational beverage retailer ?
albanians in montenegro which make up 4.91 of the county 's total population could be members of the albanian coalation perspect which is a what ?
what football league did john moncur belong to during his time at ipswich town f.c . ?
jason regler , stated that he had the idea for the flashing wristbands during a song built around which instrument ?
who was the director of the 2000 american comedy film in which the actress , whose first role in film was in director martin kunert 's film " campfire tales " , played a role ?
nathan bridger was a character played by which actor and amateur boxer ?
which team 's 2013-2014 season had players including a slovenian who plays at both the point guard and shooting guard positions ?
erwin lambert was a member of which paramilitary organization under hitler ?
michael pollock was was a senior officer in the united kingdom 's naval warfare force , also known as the what ?
casey jr. splash ' n ' soak station is an attraction in a city located in which county ?
which wwe wrestler who performs on the smackdown brand has his initials as part of the team " rated-rko
sebastian gutierrez is known for writing the screenplay for the 2003 film directed by whom ?
to what sport does the atomweight class belong ?
the aviation hall of fame and museum of new jersey is located at the airport in which new jersey county ?
the history of ranching is a mural that was originally located at an american brewery that in 1999 began trasfering its production to who ?
young sheldon , the tv series that follows the character sheldon cooper at the age of 9 , is a spin-off from what prequel ?
mawson is an electoral district that includes the wine regional around which town 35 km south of adelaide ?
who else besides " the golden jet " was born in point anne , ontario ?
boggle is a word game originally distributed by a toy and game manufacturer that published more than how many games ?
the attraction at universal studios that was based on " the tonight show " replaced an attraction that replaced an attraction based on what movie ?
who holds the world record for jumping over 6 buses and appeared on the british television series " the jump " ?
st dionis backchurch was rebuilt after a major conflagration that consumed how many parish churches ?
which show which aired on nbc from september 22 , 1994 , to may 6 , 2004 , has the fifteenth episode entitled , " the one with the girl who hits joey " ?
who directed the 1941 film based on the novel of the same name by zane grey starring an actor who was also an artist and stuntman ?
which north central town in florida is home to the punk rock band against me ! ?
what type of bank organization is pondicherry gramin bank that it operates in different states of india ?
from which city in oklahoma is the singer of a song that peaked at number 24 on " billboard " magazine 's pop chart in december 1953 ?
of which band was the singer who released the record i get weak once a member ?
what church was the college marjorie hass is the 20th president of formerly affiliated with ?
which album came out first , " paper trail " or " if tomorrow comes ... " ?
bobby godsell held a senior position in which global company that was formed in 2004 ?
the football maneuver , known as the horse-collar tackle is most closely associated with a player that was drafted by what nfl team in 2002 ?
wim jonk manages cruyff football together with the footballer who is also currently manager of which team ?
the la senza brand is currently owned by a fashion retailer based in what ohio city ?
what japanese auto manufacturer headquarted in minato , tokyo , japan did nissan aquire controlling interest in ?
what is the population of the city at which the transmitter of wllz-lp was placed ?
richford is a town in franklin county vermont governed by what kind of body ?
altnahinch is located in a county that has a population density of how many per square mile ?
in what year was the golden state nba player , who was part of the cavaliers-warriors rivalry , named nba finals most valuable player ?
peter dhao created a websiteto reflect worldwide views . what was the slogan of the site he created ?
what is the name of this white house cheif of staff , born in 1950 , who assumed the role at the same time as elaine duke became secretary of homeland security ?
which star in the movie hush was born april 20 , 1949 ?
what role did veda hlubinka-cook have in the making of this 1997 video game that takes place on the orient express , days before the start of world war i ?
who is descended from william , 4th lord livingston and was a statesman from new york city ?
what is the name of one the ex-security officials that means the institute ?
who played selby wall in the film that charlize theron won an academy award for ?
which author dedicated a 1985 romance novel to the author who did in 2009 and wrote under the pen name gwyneth moore ?
iola is a city along the neosho river in a region of kansas that can be defined by woddson county in the northwest , and what county in the northeast ?
padosan had a supporting actor who is known as a successful playback singer in what language ?
who starred in the film the human factor in 1979 , alongside fellow english actors richard attenborough and derek jacobi ?
the creature hnoms draug is named after comes from what kind of mythology ?
what literary style describes the 1968 book that features a 1939 international harvester school bus ?
who was born first pierre womé or christian poulsen ?
where is the company owning reliance cricket stadium ranked on the fortune global 500 list as of 2016
who had the lowest vocal range in cosmos ?
what is the name of the daughter of the irish entertainer in the girl band maxi , dick and twink ?
beena sarwar is the editor of a peace initiative sponsored by a newpaper based in what city ?
a wide receiver for the toronto argonauts played college football for a team that represents the university of oklahoma , which belongs to what conference ?
what is the title of the memoir written by the honoree of the black and white ball ?
macclesfield town f.c . plays in the league sponsored by whom ?
the film " arthur newman " stars colin firth and an actress that made her professional debut in what play ?
who was the lead character designer on " pepper ann " , and the creator of cartoon network 's 13th " cartoon cartoons " ?
pramod bhasin was the former ceo of a company that provided what kind of services ?
blue dwarf is what type of online text-based role-playing game ?
daniel greene has created what for clients including sportscaster bryant gumbel , eleanor roosevelt , william randolph hearst and dave thomas , the founder of wendy 's ?
what olympic medal did the opponent of crawford ashley for the world boxing association ( wba ) world super middleweight title win in 1984 ?
max hoffmann along with hindenburg and ludendorff , masterminded the devastating defeat of the russian armies in a battle fought when ?
scott workman was an american stuntman and actor credited with a successful show on what smaller tv network ?
telos was an album by a band who formed in what city ?
lawerence turman had produced a film , with a character named " johnny 5 " that had a follow up sequel released in what year ?
what rank was higher than karl hermann frank 's rank until april 1942 ?
alfie allen played theon greyjoy on which show ?
force india vjm10 is a formula one racing car previous driven by nico hülkenberg , and is now driven by which driver born 17 september 1996 ?
radha jayalakshmi and the priya sisters were both duo 's in what music style ?
what is the name of the number-one single featuring the winner of celebrity apprentice 3 ?
what song by the american rapper coolio is on his greatest hits album " fantiastic voyage " and samples from a stevie wonder song ?
which of the music composed for operation amsterdam originated in the middle of the 19th century in bohemia , now part of the czech republic ?
who was the eldest brother of the mexican drug trafficker born 12 march 1952 ?
the actress who made her film debut in friday night lights also starred in a 2014 french-american crime-thriller directed by whi ?
in which university is richard williams ' former assistant a member of the athletics hall of fame ?
haier has north american rights to which appliance company headquartered in louisville , kentucky ?
pisces was developed by the company that is headquartered in what city ?
how many species of hawaiian hibiscus do not have white flowers ?
marvel classics comics specialized in adaptations of literary classics , such as a novel by american writer herman melville , that was published in what year ?
when was the chief aerodynamicist for the british supersonic land vehicle , whose goal is to match or exceed 1000 mph achieving a new world land speed record , born ?
which reservation is located in hill and chouteau and named after the principal leader of the montana chippewa-cree ?
jihad : a story of the others is a documentary by the director who is of what descent ?
who was the main vocal of " set the fire to the third bar " ?
in what country was the actor chris hemsworth , one of the stars in the motion picture thor : the dark world , born ?
cheek to cheek tour played shows at what place that is located on the las vegas strip that began their tour ?
what was terry owen 's son 's profession after retiring from football ?
where was the only european cup final in which jupp heynkes played held ?
the uss tortuga was named after the dry tortugas , a group of desert coral islets 60 miles west of which city with the motto " one human family " ?
the producer of the eric church album " the outsiders " was a member of what band in the 1980 's ?
who created the nbc sitcom that johnny pemberton appears in as the character bo thompson ?
the bodie & benton railway was a narrow gauge common carrier railroad in california , from the mono mills to a terminus in a ghost town located how many miles away from lake tahoe ?
isabella kelly was born at a ruined castle characterized as one of the most isolated fortifications in britain by who ?
which american car rental company is also a member of the association of car rental industry sytems standards ?
the competition lev oborin won in 1927 is held in what city ?
which town has a greater population as of the 2010 census , minden , nevada or gardnerville , nevada ?
what song written by jimmy webb inspired the name of a supergroup including johnny cash ?
what year was the author of cock and bull born ?
what job did newt gingrich have prior to producing nine days that changed the world ?
when does the role william vere reeve king-fane change ?
which team does the player named 2015 diamond head classic 's mvp play for ?
what is the name of the company that wholly owns the value alliance airline whose head office is within terminal 2 of narita international airport ?
when did the character on grey 's anatomy , played by the same actor who portrayed rev james lawson in " lee daniel 's the butler " , debut ?
what religion is the composer for india 's first science fiction film series ?
what public radio network in new york has allowed eric plakun to dis his psychiatric work ?
the third emperor in the year of the four emperors had how many wives ?
hudson austin formed a military government with himself as chairman to rule grenada , after the killing of a grenadian politician who was the leader of what movement that was an effort in the areas of socio-economic development , education , and black liberation ?
the members of the von trapp musical group are related to which woman who wrote " the story of the trapp family singers " ?
who is the american actress performed " take on the world " with sabrina carpenter ?
the black belly of the tarantula starred an actress who married what former member of the beatles ?
what dance academy did the starring actress from the glory of tang dynasty graduate from ?
what band member that released " darkhorse " gave the vocals to " starry eyed surprise " ?
the birthday of the world : and other stories was written by what fantasy and sci-fi author ?
the author of the " the dagger and the coin " fantasy series was nominated for what award in 2017 ?
what was the profession of the one who wrote a song on a 2005 album he collaborated on with marc predka ?
lawton–fort sill regional airport , a charter base for value airline allegiant air , is situated in which u.s. state ?
keanu is a 2016 american action comedy film directed by peter atencio and written by who ?
where was the host of australia 's got talent born ?
repertoire of plácido domingo appeared in an opera written by whom which was based on a play by william shakespeare ?
naval air station ellyson field was an auxiliary facility to the air station in which community ?
what is the name of the movie that stars katrina bowden and was directed by sean anders ?
the birthplace of george mccall theal is a port city of what bay ?
russia soviet pianist , composer and teacher , tatiana nikolayeva taught what polish pianist and music educator ?
what theory was advanced by the author of progress in optics ?
what did karan kapoor 's maternal grandfather deliver ?
why is minister pool important to black country and the west midlands in england ?
which american singer-songwriter toured with j.p. doherty in 2007 on cyndi lauper 's true colors tour ?
m.f.a . starred the actress known for starring in what e ! reality series ?
the creek of which paradise creek is a tributary is a tributary of what river ?
what tribe was the megaoryzomys curioi previously in that nesoryzomys are also in ?
when did the disney sitcom in which genevieve knight " g " hannelius starred as avery jennings end ?
who were james hill and john vereker , 6th viscount gort officers for ?
keene is an unincorporated community in wabaunsee county , kansas , in what federal republic composed of 50 states ?
what food does one of daniel greene 's subjects ' restaurant chain specialize in ?
what italian region does slinzega come from ?
what was robert m. fomon 's connection to the new york stock exchange located at 11 wall street , lower manhattan , new york city , new york ?
liz rose has co-written songs with which artist including " white horse " and " you belong with me " ?
where is the seminar jeanne marie beaumont directed in 2007-2010 located ?
where is the a county where purcell can be found located
the true colors world tour was by what artist whose debut album was " she 's so unusual " ?
what group did carlene lefevre and rich lefevre form in brooklyn , new york city ?
what american composer born in 1937 pioneered minimal music ?
what political office was held by two successive occupants of the same castle located in lauderdale , scotland ?
who founded the honky tonk that is at the center of john travolta 's third major acting role ?
what is the name of the father of childericus ?
who influenced the electronic dance music who made scotch hausen album
black book starred the actress and writer of what heritage ?
brian olsen was the lst wec heavyweight champion before the promotion company founded in what month purchased the organization ?
shani gandi has worked with kelsea ballerini in what country ?
which of kylian hazard 's older brothers plays for the german bundesliga club borussia mönchengladbach and the belgium national team .
wing chun starred michelle yeoh and a hong kong actor , martial artist , and film director who won what tournament multiple times ?
what character in " father ted " was played by an actor who starred in death in paradise ?
what year did christopher nolan 's magic-themed drama come out ?
who is older between the brothers that j. todd anderson has primarily worked with ?
who owns the hotel where the 13th anniversary show took place ?
immanuel lutheran school is affiliated with the denomination that has how many members ?
what was the code name of the landing barge primarily used to provide hot meals to the landing crew ?
electronic attack squadron 138 is a type of which american carrier-based electronic warfare aircraft , a specialized version of the two-seat f/a-18f super hornet ?
for which nba team did the mvp of the 2013 mcdonald 's all-american boys game play ?
who was elected more times , daniel patrick moynihan or dennis kux ?
victor varnada directed twisted fortune , which starred which brother of eddie murphy ?
when was the american automobile club which has 2014 trans-am series as the 46th running of the sports formed ?
what is the population of the city in which the first edition of the south american youth olympic games were held ?
who constructed auburn the antebellum mansion and was accused of the manhattan well murder ?
what kind of person of authority does governor of sheerness and stapleton cotton , 1st viscount combermere have in common ?
what was the name of the publisher who published " finnegans wake " in 1939 by james joyce
what was the address of the penitentiary where jimmy elliot was sentenced ?
in the 2004 hockey film produced by a former major league baseball pitcher who played the usa coach ?
in regards to value premium an expert argued that no value premium exisits , what did this expert found ?
what is the founding year of this public research university in the netherlands , where jan borgman was a professor from 1968 to 1988 ?
this man who was born on april 25th , 1947 , was a member of this lower house of the hawaii state legislature .
which road borders both pacific mall and splendid china mall ?
wheelock whitney is just one member of the whitney family . where did this american family originate from ?
what is the focus of the movie in which nolan north played the role of superboy ?
what county in minnesota holds a 202 lb slab of greywacke covered in runes ?
what is the fictional name of the mall in the movie " back to the future " which was filmed at the headquarters of evertrust bank ?
tamanchey is a comedy film that starred the actress who works in what type of films ?
the northern chamber orchestra gives concerts at what estate owned by the national trust ?
which star of " chalet girl " also appeared in " the treasure seekers " ?
in regards to the high school that forced manchester high school to change its name in 1922 , when was its first graduating class ?
what organization does rosyth dockyard and queen elizabeth-class aircraft carrier have in common ?
what year was the song that some critics compared to " fading " released ?
what is another name for the lra featured in a brilliant genocide ?
charlie mcdermott plays axl heck on a tv show that premiered in what date ?
what dances with the wolves star had a role in powwow highway ?
who created the show that featured triumph the insult comic dog ?
the tap dancing soloist in my feet keep dancing also starred in what 1935 mgm musical ?
what type of auto racing , performed on clay or dirt surfaced oval tracks , is run for the australian street stock championship ?
what year was the namesake of a small island in the town of east hampton born ?
peter marc jacobson is best known as the co-creator of the popular sitcom " the nanny " , which he created and wrote with his then wife an actress born in which year ?
who was the brother of the architect of hook and ladder no . 4 located in albany , ny ?
bethpage state parkway begins with an interchange at which long island-based limited access highway ?
1990 film lionheart stars this actor who is best known for what type of films ?
how is the namesake of the mountbatten institute related to elizabeth ii ?
at what frequency the magazine publishes which ranked aditya puri # 24th in india 's 50 most powerful people of 2017 list ?
which brand of canned cooked meat by hormel foods corporation is used to make a popular snack and lunch food in hawaii ?
what films were the basis for " family guy " and the character of peter griffith ?
in what city did jennifer paige chambers appear with the creator of the characters jiminy glick and ed grimley ?
how many yards did the nephew of ivory lee brown get during his 2004 true freshman season ?
belle & sebastian : the adventure continues is the sequel to the 2013 film " belle and sebastian " , a french adventure film directed by who ?
selena quintanilla-pérez 's assistant and head of her fan club will be eligible for parole on what date ?
in which st. louis cardinal season did a player born in 1972 blow ten saves before undergoing season-ending hip surgery ?
out of the actors who have played the role of luc deveraux in the universal soldier franchise , which actor has also starred in the movies holby city , doctor strange , the bourne ultimatum and zero dark thirty ?
liverpool nurse mimi smith was the aunt and guardian of which one of the city 's most famous sons ?
what production company co-owned by kevin loader and rodger michell produced my cousin rachel ?
out of two american colonies that had a series of skirmishes and raids between 1701 and 1765 at the disputed border , which british proprietary colony became a royal colony on the northeast coast of north america ?
former race car driver jeff wood made his cart debut at which 1983 nissan/datsun-sponsored race ?
what is the name of bruce willis 's character in unbreakable ?
how many degrees and minutes south of the equator are the bone fragments of the extinct ascension night heron found ?
jon s. cardin is the nephew of a senator who has been in office since when ?
chris jones is a semi-professional footballer , who played with what goalkeeper for derby county when he was with yorkshire ?
what former president of abc television is a high ranking officer in the same company as christine mccarthy ?
show her is a song written by a country music artist who is also a former player of what sport ?
house of many ways is a young adult fantasy novel set in the same world as a novel that was adapted as an animated film of the same name and nominated for what ?
what nfl team did the 2017 espn college football friday primetime host who played at oklahoma in college play for ?
what relationship does fred gehrke have to the 23rd overall pick in the 2010 major league baseball draft ?
who is the author of the play that was adapted into a film and featured the orchestral arrangement suite from henry v ?
which type of character is featured by the p.l . travers 's third book and last novel in the " mary poppins " series ?
what distinction about his birth makes the contemporary of bill pollack unique as a winner of the formula one world drivers ' championship ?
what musical action does ndebele music and musical bow have in common ?
billy preston is an american college basketball player for a team that competes in what ?
nicolau colaco played as a defender in the men 's professional league sponsored by which company ?
what award did the writer of never let me go novel win in 1989 ?
the cineplex odeon theatres are now operated as which american movie theater chain majority-owned by chinese conglomerate dalian wanda group ?
who was involved in the arrest of dread pirate roberts ?
dr jan schneider ran for united states congress in florid but lost twice to which republican politician ?
what actor 's debut film also starred an actor who received four national film awards and eight filmfare awards , as well as an academy award nomination ?
michaël llodra of france , called " the best volleyer on tour " , defeated juan martín del potro a professional of what nationality ?
what award does crystal palace f.c . present , first won by john mccormick and most recently by wilfried zaha ?
which school with which gabriela lemus has been affiliated is a member school of the thurgood marshall college fund ?
what was the other los angeles team that the 1999 clippers top draft pick played for and won two championships with ?
about whose assassination is the french novel hhhh based ?
what kind of energy does a plasma weapon produce ?
what british novelist born in november 1898 wrote surprised by joy : the shape of my early life ?
the " new york times " bestselling book " the 50th law " contains lessons and anecdotes from this historical figure who was a classical greek ( athenian ) philosopher who is known mainly through the writings of which philosopher ?
what community is the team isaac gómez played midfielder for located ?
what is the name of the film directed by alex cox adapted from a 1606 play starring diana quick as the dutchess ?
what is the name of this suburb within the central coast council local government area , where tessa , of microwave jenny , grew up ?
what " god gave me you " artist wrote the song " imagine that " for diamond rio ?
which nigerian footballer who plays as a forward for shanghai greenland shenhua was one of eleven players to have played in the top divisions in italy , spain , england and germany ?
where is the transportation company that owns talbot based in ?
firstar center was the name for two buildings before the company changed its name to match which company based in minneapolis ?
what was the lead single from boys like girls album on which frontman , martin johnson co-wrote a song with taylor swift ? a : love drunk
what uae stadium was the venue for the 2016 pakistan super league opening ceremony ?
which russian figure skating coach was a former competitive ice dancer who competed with olga pershankova in 1993 ?
when was the plaintiff in the 1892 barbed wire patent case born ?
william mcgrath was a loyalist from northern ireland , and was known for opposing what ?
which sudanese-born australian professional basketball player for the milwaukee bucks exemplifies that players do not have to play at least a year in college basketball before being drafted into the nba ?
what is the english translation of the social group which baran khan kudezai was a part of ?
finally includes the song that peaked at what on the us hot 100
the disney version of ebenezer scrooge was voiced by whom ?
janne kyttanen has had work exhibited at which modern art museum in amsterdam ?
the house of hanover held the british throne until after victoria 's death , when it was past to the dynasty that ruled which duchy ?
the documentary about the first direct challenge to teaching intelligent design first aired on what station ?
heinrich scholz was a peer of what english computer scientist , mathematician , logician , cryptanalyst , philosopher and theoretical biologist ?
what ethnicity is this american professional baseball right fielder born in 1987 play , who graduated from nova southeastern university ?
what is the year of the event which orrurred first , beecher 's handmade cheese was founded , or pike place market opened ?
rossiya airlines in located in the largest what on earth ?
what did the second largest city by population in vietnam also serve as in the first indochina war ?
the physicist who is responsible for identifying the rabi cycle won what award ?
andrei ivanovich gorchakov commanded the 1st infanty corps in what major engagement of the napoleonic wars ?
what was the island , on which marinelli glacier is located , formerly known as ?
what is it called when a piece of media is altered from its original state like when bubba sparxxx was featured in the song oops ?
vivian pinn taught at which college founded in massachusetts in 1852 ?
the kellock-taschereau commission was appointed by a prime minister who served how long in office ?
howard van doren shaw was the designer of which 1917 progressive era community ?
when was the director of an american short slasher film with french-speaking serial killers that was released on october 31 , 2011 born ?
an cat dubh / into the heart is a song from the u2 album released on what date ?
which writer and director does kym barrett collaborate with ?
the ameican jazz saxophonist nicked named the " hawk " , once played with what musician who died in 2009 and once played with johnny carson during carson 's residency ?
as an american producer of canned soups and related products based in camden , new jersey , what company handles the broth business of the swanson brand ?
when was the magazine sam duckworth got his name get cape . wear cape . fly from launched ?
what kind of species on the indonesian island of java might participate in a rampokan .
what writer worked on both the ice cream man and and a 2007 fantasy comedy loosely based on a donald henkel poem ?
which three-time olivier award winning english actress starred in the 1981 bbc television serial , sons and lovers ?
what kind of comedian was michael mclntyre 's father ?
what created the terrirtories of kansas and nebraska and was combated by the the republican party ?
van andel institute was founded in part by what american businessman , who was best known as co-founder of the amway corporation ?
what genre was the movie that austin nichols was in with kirsten dunst ?
how many venues was in the complex at which night of joy was held ?
which utility holding company did alfred a. marcus work as a consultant ?
which of the three worst hotel fires in modern us history occurred most recently ?
what forim is nicholas dante most famous for writing in , musical , such as " a chorus line " , or epic verse like " inferno " ?
what is the current position held by the nathan sharansky 's co-author of the book the case for democracy ?
which western action-adventure video game by rockstar did tyler bunch act for ?
what unincorporated town along the amargosa river is near the sarcobatus flat ?
when would be the professional wrestling video game release in which mark henry will appear as " legend " ?
glaramara is a fell in the english lake district in cumbria that stretches from stonethwaite which is a part of a valley and civil parrish in what borough ?
me and you and everyone we know was directed by an artist who also directed what 2011 film ?
from where was the award which has matt james as a winner in 2012 has its name derived ?
" big for your boots " is a song by an english grime and hip hop artist whose most successful song to date is what ?
which norwegian chess grandmaster was espen agdestein his manager
when was the composer of " persian surgery dervishes " born ?
gorgoroth is a band based in which norwegian county ?
which of the people that scored a goal for arsenal in 2015 fa cup final was born on 16 march 1989 ?
what was the title of the debut studio album by weezer which contained the hit buddy holly and undone – the sweater song ?
naseer & shahab is a pakistani band playing a genre that dominated radio in what decade ?
what is gary cole 's character based on ?
what is one of the stars of the newcomers known for
thor equities owns properties in soho , which became known for what type of rental properties ?
which captain launched the attack which led to more casualties than any other incident in the war fought between the settlers of the nascent colony of new netherland and the native lenape population ?
where was the university at which barrie ciliberti was a professor located ?
" lost ! " is a song by a british rock band formed in what year ?
what was the last date the creator of the noi was seen by elijah muhammad ?
what team did kenny brown manage following the departure of dean holdsworth ?
signed with maybach music group in 2011 , which artist was featured as a guest in fire of zamani ?
what is the sister city of the city in which benjamin abram bernstein was born ?
who is the album " look what you made me do " is on being released through ?
which actress was a notable practitioner at the white bear theatre and is also known for playing the role of melanie owen in the bbc one soap opera " eatenders " ?
who will billy howle be seen opposite in the upcoming british drama film directed by dominic cooke ?
how many rooms does that largest single hotel within the united states that is owned by mgm resorts international ?
what did the second first lady to be born outside the united states or areas that would become part of the united states do before marrying ?
the fast on-orbit rapid recording of transient events ( forte ) was co-developed and launched by this lab located a short distance northwest of santa fe , new mexico that was involved with which nuclear weapon program during world war ii ?
who built the diesel railcars operated by the publicly owned corporation that provided suburban train , tram and bus services in adelaide , south australia starting in july 1994 ?
the little missouri river rises west of a laccolithic butte that stands how many feet from summit to base ?
the 1996 at & t challenge was a tennis tournament played in a city that in 2017 ranked third on the " usa today " list of what ?
where was the film set in which the daughter of shashi kapoor , along side sarat pujari and navni parihar , set ?
polk county florida 's second most populated city is home to which mall ?
the extreme centre : a warning was a book by the activist who studied at which college ?
what vocalist and pianist was recorded by modular recordings ?
what other film did the star of 127 hours act in ?
who was appointed to the board of supervisors first , jeff sheehy or ed lee ?
the human condition is a film trilogy that follows a japanese pacifist and socialist as he tries to survive in a political system that strives to regulate what ?
channel 8 has broadcast which american sports series that premiered in 1973 ?
at which public research university founded in 1881 ralph fielding served as the head football coach ?
when was the chinese american electronic musician and singer who collaborated on the album i remember born ?
who directed and wrote the 2016 film featuring the voice of townsend coleman ?
faces is a mixtape that features guest appearances from an american rapper who released one album with souf folk called what ?
which mexican and american film actress is ethel houbiers french voice of
the 1989 batman film was produced by jon peters and a man that is the ceo of what company ?
what memorial park located at john j. pershing drive in north omaha has , among other amenities , a baseball park ?
the bay plaza shopping center contains a store that headquartered where ?
the joggers are a four-piece band whose lead singer is the son of an american chemist who received the highest what ?
maha kali is an ep by what band from stromstad that was formed in 1989 ?
darl hall and john oats fifth studio album was released in 1976 , which song was the first of their six # 1 singles ?
in recent decades american schools have included much more on ncient times tens of thousands of years ago with the settlement of the americas by who ?
what season did a spanish rally driver won the 2000 world rally championship ?
sinch when has the rank held by sir charles comyn egertong been the highest in the british army ?
which railway is a part of summerseat and also runs between heywood and rawtenstall ?
when was the english-born south australian brewer whose brewery was amalgamated with w. k. simms 's west end brewery . born
the william ulmer brewery is located in a neighborhood that is policed by who ?
before going to the london school of theology , john burges spent six years working for a company headquartered in what country ?
getting married in buffalo jump stars an actor who was born in what city ?
anna lewandowska is married to a footballer who plays for what club ?
kang sung-yeon played prince yeonsan in a film that runs for how many minutes ?
what is the former name of the team that tom shearn was supposed to start for ?
the nantahala national forest and the croatan national forest are both located in which state ?
what multinational professional services firm , headquartered in london , england , is one of the " big four " accounting firms and is also a tenant in infopark , kochi ?
national firearms agreement was in response to the port arthur massacre that killed how many people ?
anna aglatova made her first public appearance at which moscow theatre in 2005 ?
ravi khote : has included his music in which 2003 indian drama ?
which film does " naked weapon " follow in the " naked " series ?
david sinclair is a fictional character in " numb3rs " , a crime drama produced by what company headquartered in new york city and los angeles ?
what casino in las vegas which is now operated by mgm resorts international was developed by william g. bennett ?
a former australian rules football player who played with the port adelaide in the south australian national football league is the vice president of a video game company based where ?
in what year did farda amiga win a race at the saratoga race course ?
what is the name of the independent candidate in maine 's 2010 gubernatorial race who finished ahead of libby mitchell ?
who founded the company that sponsors the cfl game of the week ?
josephine de reszke made her debut in what grand opera ?
what film did lela rochon based on a john grisham novel ?
when was the american patriot hamilton , new york wass named after born ?
the 2015 austrian thriller film jack tells the story of a serial killer who died in what year ?
what nhl team drafted kaspars astasenko in 1999 and won the stanley cup in 2003-04 ?
paul deboy is known for an appearance in the western action-adventure game developed by which company ?
pluto was the debut album of this artist who also performed on this live music venue that reopened in march 2015 .
what is the name of this new york based american investment management firm founded in 1982 , whose co-ceo is robert mercer ?
what county was tom hewitt born in ?
what language was spoken by the native american people whose principal town was anhaica ?
what video game character did the voice actress in the animated film alpha and omega voice ?
of the two men who ousted mussolini which one was born in 1871 ?
which dutch footballer is featured on the song wij zijn ajax by ajax and friends ?
what year did the largest convention center in the u.s. state of georgia open ?
" wild combination " was a film about a man who was an american cellist , composer , producer and singer , who is he ?
what uprising did sean heuston take part in and executed at kilmainham gaol for ?
what is the name of the black belt in brizilian jiu jitsu who trains extensively under striking coach ray bronx longo in garden city , new york ?
how many times has the author of negotiating with the dead been shortlisted for the booker prize ?
what dish is dacryopinax spathularia included in that is also sometimes called luóhàn cài ?
what is the stage name of the former pornographic actress born in 1981 that co-hosted the 26th avn awards ?
what actress starred in " the golden girls " and was an animal rights activist ?
what was the formal name of the building that housed the scene that formed the band hjertestop ?
fiske o'hara was born in what city knox county , maine , that had a population of 2,297 as of the 2010 census ?
the soul of buddha is a 1918 american silent romance film shot in a borough that is the western terminus of what ?
in which part of attica was the battle of marathon in 490 bc fought ?
which magazine , the british response to magazines such as " playboy " and " penthouse " did horror author graham masterton edit ?
the canadian hot 100 is a music industry record chart in canada for for a song that is released separately from what ?
who was the leading female star in " the others " which marked the final film appearance of renée asherson in 2001 ?
how many assists did the bosnian football player account for during the 2008–09 vfl wolfsburg season ?
in the cbs television sitcome double rush , johnny verona , manager of a bicycle delivery service in new york city was played by an actor of what nationality ?
jullian allen a brittish-american illustrator had some of his illustration published appear in queen magazine . in 1970 the magazines name was changed to harper 's and queen . what is the name of the magazine now ?
in what year was the mathematician husband of anneli cahn lax born ?
what position did ernest newman hold at her majesty 's royal palace and fortress ?
jim halsey guided the career of the musician who hosted what country variety show ?
which actresses appeared with the mother of robert lowery hanks in the film " little women " ?
what album did john lennon release before the one that contained the song " how ? "
brigadier stanley james ledger hill was attached to the command post of which senior british army officer born on july 10 , 1886 ?
what is the airport code for the vilnius airport that ceased operations in 2015 ?
where is the movie from that is directed by raymond yip and stars the winner of miss chinese international pageant of 1988 ?
john stoltenberg is the managing editor of the magazine that focuses on what ?
because marc shiller was born in beunos aires in 1957 , but is a resident of the united states , what ethnic group does he belong to ?
which one the cast members in the film only lovers left alive also played in othello ?
which song by last one picked appeared in a 2004 american teen musical comedy film directed by sara sugarman ?
chapter 27 is a 2007 film depicting the murder of john lennon by someone who remained at the crime scene after the murder reading what novel ?
when was the father of princess mafalda of savoy born ?
what is the name of the 1999 film directed by roman polanski and starring his wife emmanuelle seigner that was a world-wide success but critically and commercially unsuccessful in north america ?
operation light house was an experiment by wernher von braun and another man born in what year ?
maggie may is a musical based on a folk song about a prostitute who robbed whom ?
the r241 road is in a county in what republic ?
which plane has seen more combat , the northrop f-15 reporter or the northrop p-61 black widow ?
which rivers have their confluence at the city shelly hruska is from ?
what flow of goods and services were managed and distributed by general blood ?
what is the nickname of the wwii battleship at the fall river heritage state park ?
what was the name of kalyanji virji shah 's brother who won the filmfare award for best music director ?
the meadowbrook state parkway connects to the southern state parkway in a community with what population as of the 2010 census ?
stephen graham starred in a film in 2006 , directed by whom ?
what city is between normanby le wold and the a46 junction between lincoln and grimsby ?
which roman emperor was grandfather to the children of mark antony ?
what season three x factor winner has worked with songwriter ryan tedder ?
the university which david r. marchant was a member of in 1994 is located in what city ?
which member of the research project conducted by the creation research society and the institute for creation research between 1997 and 2005 was kevin r. henke most critical of ?
psycho-physical awareness was developed into an original and dependable method by a russian-american actor who was referred to by konstantin stanislavski as what ?
the 1974 south african grand prix was a formula one motor race held at a racing circuit located in which south african province ?
what was the sequel of the game that e was published by u.s. gold in 1992 ?
which number in the final fantasy series was created by hiroyuki ito and allows the player control of the artificial intelligence of the characters in battle ?
leonard stogel managed which rock singer known for his robe-and-turban outfit ?
howard bilerman produced an album for which songwriter from athens , georgia ?
" heropanti " star kriti sanon appears in the remix video for a song from what bollywood film ?
what is the name of the character portrayed by anna camp in the film centered on the fictional barden university and the bellas ?
british airways and easyjet are both based out of where ?
where did the father of edward garrison walker live when he wrote " an appeal to the coloured citizens of the world " ?
jesús dautt is a mexican professional footballer who is on loan from a club founded on what date ?
which star of the human stain was born in 1937 ?
which basketball club located in alytus , lithuania does anatoly kashirov play for ?
for which university did the quarterback featured on the cover of madden nfl 06 play basketball ?
multiple award-winning actor gary sinise appeared in the stand in 1994 - a miniseries based on a novel and screenplay by which noted author ?
who created the 2003 remake of the 1983 overhead view , vehicular combat game developed by bally midway ?
what movie included robin williams along with joshua aaron charles , set in 1959 at a vermont boarding school ?
what year did the musical premiere that was based on the 2007 irish romantic musical film of the same name ?
what production company was founded by george balanchine to create a live stage version of the 1942 film casablanca ?
how long is the tidal estuary in which branford is a shoreline town ?
how many girls and boys are in the seventeen sibling family featured on counting on ?
how many records had the team sold before performing " aint thinkin ' 'bout you " ?
wscv 's transmitter is located near this stadium located in which suburb ?
what was the name of scottish singer-songwriter james aaron diamond 's first solo album that debuted in 1985 ?
which character did tamzin outhwaite play first : connie ( on " inside no . 9 " ) or melanie owen ( " eastenders " ) ?
hamilton evans " tony " james is the coo and director of the largest alternative investment firm in what ?
what was the 2010 population of the town where lake george avenue historic district is located ?
is the school where aaron parrett currently teaches english literature public or private ?
who is prime minister of this west african country that covers 36125km2 ?
what city that lettuce lake park is just outside of is the largest in hillsborough county , florida ?
kete krachi is a town in what region ?
which prince of bismarcks ems dispatch incited france to declare the franco-prussian war in july 1870
tryon d. lewis is a lawyer from odessa , texas which is located in what county ?
mundo perdido was influenced by an ancient mesoamerican city located in a sub-valley of the valley of mexico , that is 40 km northeast of what modern day city ?
which disneyland attraction is matterhorn bobsleds roller coaster , an expanded version of
what championship did the person who substituted for simon pagenaud secure a contract to drive in 2017 ?
what is a southern european island country that was home to an airline pilot who flew the casa-212-200 aviocar before retiring in 2008 for health reasons ?
the on tour forever album gave blues traveler the opportunity to display what musical trademark ?
what is the nationality of the most successful female ski racer ever ?
the lady craved excitement was a film that featured the british character actor originally of what nationality ?
andrew stanton co-directed which film which featured greedy grasshoppers ?
who produced the 1998 british comedy starring the director of the feature film " eddie the eagle " ?
in regards to the 2015 animation film based on the true meaning of smekday , who produced a song that was sung by a barbadian ?
how did the chairman of the luthuanian union of actors discribe the star of the film redirected ?
in what year was the band , whose bassist joined arvas in 1996 , formed ?
what location is shared by both great neck school district and saddle rock elementary school ?
which tournament , organised by the professional darts corporation , is planned to finish at the multi-purpose indoor arena located in the centre of the o2 entertainment complex on the greenwich peninsula in south-east london ?
which city is the home of the character that might be based on john capozzi ?
who was older , andrew preston or james taylor ?
charles barkley changed his jersey number to # 32 in honor of a player born in which year ?
which company does timothy oulton retail his products through that is based in corte madera ?
the movie that was the directorial debut of jonathan glazer included the musical piece lujon . which other movie that has the letter " b " in it also includes this piece ?
toby kebbell starred in a fantasy action film based on a video game series in 2016 notably set in teh world of what ?
what is the occupation of the father of the actor that plays will graham on teh series " hannibal " ?
j.b. scotts located on this 11 mile stretch in albany new york and is also known by this name in schenectady county ?
double jeopardy is a 1999 film starring an american political activist best known for an ongoing acting career spanning how long ?
which writer of " rewrite this story " are an american songwriting duo and composing team for musical theater , films , and television ?
which shore does the castle , which sir james montgomery , 4th baronet is the tenth laird of , stand ?
who was born first , johan leysen or george clooney ?
which member of the new russian school was both a doctor and a chemist besides being a composer ?
umi-a-liloa inherited authority of a kind which is a belief in what ?
the star of " lady in a cage " was born in what year ?
how high on the us " billboard " hot 100 chart did dan smith 's song reach in 2013 ?
what third film in a franchise did camile delamarre edit ?
geoffrey rush , one of the stars in intolerable cruelty , is a known actor and film producer in what country ?
what did the main character of the novel whose second sequel was published by viking adult go to college ?
what 's the name for the character also known as holger danske , from medieval french chansons de geste ?
what empire was aleksei gen born into ?
who was person born in sweden 1964 that founded hidden city entertainment in 2004 ?
which south korean film about an affair between an attractive thirty-two-year-old woman and a youth just short of legal majority premiered at the 2005 sundance film festival ?
the third solo album by david gates of bread shares a name with a 1977 film directed by who ?
what abc television series was inspired by a 2011 film and cast dominic cooper as young howard stark ?
substorm was described in qualitative terms by a scientist nominated for what seven times ?
which channel produced the ninth volume of the tv series that premiered as the same date as rupaul 's first album ?
what county is ron teachworth from ?
edithvale railway station is located on a line that is situated in what city ?
what kind of game is the park a spin-off of ?
which former republican won the presidential nomination at the 2012 united states libertarian national convention ?
ælfgifu of exeter and ælfgifu of shaftesbury are both known for being what ?
who is the patron saint of europe and has a historical religions building in castres , languedoc , france named after him ?
what is the hometown of duck down music artist and complex rapper pharaohe monch ?
who is the mother of the princess who opened middleton grange shopping centre in 1970 ?
what 1989-born liverpool player was jim cassell responsible for developing ?
which novel by the author of " armada " will adapted as a feature film by steven spielberg ?
angelspit toured the united states with an american electronic music duo from orlando , florida , that formed in what year ?
the owner of radio station kwpw has the same name as an american character actor . what is it ?
who was the husband of kalanipauahi 's niece ?
who worked on the origins of mickey mouse and created oswald the lucky rabbit ?
which 50th congressional district representative was brent roger wilkes connected to in a scandal ?
giuseppe tornatore , an italian film director and screenwriter , wrote and directed his film " the best offer " in what language ?
what is the pioneer who has a park dedicated to him near lexington , north carolina famous for ?
what game did the team with an 11-1 regular season record play in for the bcs title game ?
who was the goal keeper for iraq in the 1996 afc asian cup played in the united arab emirates ?
as the oldest player in the nfl , this football player is the only player ever to have accomplished what ?
the structure in wyoming in which bořeň is similar to has a summit that is how many feet above sea level ?
the 2011–12 houston rockets season began with the drafting of the player who now plays for what team ?
what german medium tank , sometimes called the " mark v " , that was deployed on the eastern and western fronts from mid-1943 provided the armor and suspension for the chassis of the tank destroyer built by nazi germany during world war ii ?
the song that came out ahead of the wanted 's " lightning " on the uk singles chart was featured on which album ?
clone of clones played alongside a band from where ?
abraham lincoln neiman and his wife carrie marcus neiman cofounded neiman marcus with carrie 's brother herbert in which american city in 1907 ?
red bend catholic college contributes 800 students of the 7,560 population of what central west region of south wales , australia town ?
which show that premiered in may 2011 is hosted by someone with the birth name richard kirschner ?
what type of media does ratatouille and playstation 3 have in common ?
what is the principal activity of the company which holds that which robert melville previously worked with
abraham lokin was born on an archipelago between the norwegian sea and north atlantic , that is about 200 miles north-northwest of where ?
prior to playing for michigan state , keith nichol played football for a school located in what city ?
what role did the actor who played colonel sherman t. potter in " m*a*s*h " play in " kentucky jones "
which founder of alcatraz east was born on march 31 , 1956 ?
what drummer stared along side a former president of the screen actors guild in a 2005 film ?
how many grammy award nominations has the musician who graham maby has recorded and toured with since his first album , and whose first release was " is she really going out with him " , won ?
who was the producer of the 1994 american animated epic musical film which mel shaw animated ?
what was the nickname of the 76er who was drafted 3rd in the 2014 draft ?
which former american football player had a part in the movie " gamer ? "
" prostitute " is a song written by axl rose and paul tobias with additional work by an american guitarist has played in two different bands on a list of what ?
this cabin built in 1925 is located in a park encompasses over 1 million acre and includes parts of two what ?
arbie orenstein is known as a scholar on the life of what composer internationally regarded as france 's greatest living composer ?
who was the anthropologist who thought that the plaster casts that were discovered by paul freeman were a critical piece of evidence ?
what award did the actor in tales from the crypt win ?
who was the director of 1935 american crime drama film , which was the feature film debut if the classic actor born on may 20,1908 ?
which division did people from the division major general robert walker grow commanded originally come from ?
castle hill is a plantation near what primary residence of thomas jefferson ?
the gate is a song from the album scheduled for release in what month ?
what is the student body for ron johnson 's alma mater ?
where is the historic meeting venue built in a style taught at the ecole des beaux-arts ?
what country of origin does andré holland and 42 have in common ?
where is the american professional basketball team which jalen jones played for based
what type of arts that have existed since ancient times did the stieber twins specialize in ?
what mexican singer released the song todos me miran ?
how many variants are there of the military transport aircraft that the mercedes-benz zetros truck was designed to be compatible with ?
forest hill , texas is a suburb of which fifth-largest city in the state ?
what population ranking is the oklahoma city located south of a wilderness area spanning over 5000 acres ?
the missouri attorney general election of 2012 ended in a loss for which attorney and cnn contributor ?
richard münch portrayed the german general who served in what capacity during wwii in the 1970 movie patton ?
what is the size of the hydroelectric dam that will inundate part of bui national park ?
what is the name of the album released by a british heavy metal band in february of 1981 that contains a reference to a highway ?
north blenheim , new york was destroyed by flooding caused by the hurricane that landed in what month ?
who is older , ivan foster or ian paisley ?
on february 25 , 2017 tony harrison lost the the international boxing federation light middleweight world title to a boxer from what state ?
one of the actors from the web series red bird is also known for what character in the popular television show seinfeld ?
the founder of this canadian owned , american manufacturer of business jets for civilian and military developed this portable tape system .
which american rock band was formed first , soil or drowning pool ?
where was the movie filmed starring choi yoon-young in 2012 ?
what english nursery rhyme which dates from 1731 appears on teletubbies say " eh-oh ! " ?
an american werewolf in paris was a partial sequel to the comedy film starring whom ?
stray arrows : a collection of favorites is the first compilation album released by an american alternative metal band that formed in what chicago suburb ?
what player with the nickname " cocky " played in the 1928 philadelphia athletics season ?
the character jack from while you were sleeping was born in what year ?
which former president of the fédération internationale de l'automobile ( fia ) cofounded simtek research ?
name the actor who has acted in the film arrival and who has been nominated for the academy award for best supporting actor for the film ` the town ' ?
how many pornographic films did the actress , who co-hosted the 29th avn awards with dave attell and sunny leone , appear in ?
manchester , new hampshire is a part of the northeast megalopolis which included what other major cities ?
with whom did lever brothers merge to create an indonesian soap factory ?
disorganized crime included what cast member best known for playing al bundy on the fox network sitcom " married ... with children " ?
which semi-retired professional wrestler appeared in " final score ? "
which show co-hosted by hoda kotb was produced by brian balthazar ?
what is the happiest town sarasota county florida ?
what artistic endeavor do fallujah and dying fetus have in common ?
c.j . hunter was tested positive for which type of injected steroid before he competed in the 2000 summer olympic games ?
which town does ronald f. collins represent that a town in york county , maine , united states ?
who proposed plan in which education in state institutions of argentina is free at the initial , primary , secondary and tertiary levels and in the undergraduate university level ?
james fowle baldwin helped design a historic railroad that operated in massachusetts and whose line later operated as part of what ?
what is the scientific name of the true creature featured in " creature from the black lagoon ?
moonlight starred the actor who played whom on the remake of hawaii five-0 ?
tmnt is a single-player action-adventure multi-platform action game based on a film which was the final film role for who ?
what is the name of the so-called reform opera for vienna that came before the one first performed in vienna in the presence of empress maria theresa ?
this actor born august 26 , 1909 stared in the tv show " the cowboys " .
which of the seven disney characters who had been given a series of their own , starring in cartoons who opened with their own logo is a fictional character who first appeared in disney 's " pinocchio " ?
what is the capacity of the stadium that hosts games of the team that was coached by barry switzer in 1981 ?
maryland jockey club operates a race track in the largest municipality in which maryland county ?
which star of british-canadian-american satirical comedy , co starting with ricky gervais , began his career in sketch comedy series " full frontal " ?
kevin watson currently manages which southern league football team ?
what actress portrayed rachel green on the sitcom " friends " and starred in the movie " she 's funny that way " ?
what team does the new manager who made considerable changes to the celtic team for the 2010-11 season head coach for ?
in what season of the simpson 's does lisa convert to buddhism ?
who is the costar of a movie with the star of scott mccall and was directed by the director of supernatural ?
cordyline ruba grows from bundaberg , queensland to which northeastern city in new south whales , australia ?
which airline hub does japan air commuter and japan airlines share in common ?
what new york representative and politician was defeated by alan hevesi in 2002 ?
which of darren aronofsky 's movies is based on a russian ballet ?
what is the nationality of a famous photograher who worked as a set photographer in hollywood film productions ?
what city is the flying component of the united states air force 432d wing stationed in
how many albums have been released by the same band that released the " trance " ep ?
what is special about the wristwatches that favre-leuba manufactures ?
who wrote tom vaughan 's popular 2008 film ?
what type of students attend the school adjacent to pilgram hospital ?
world for ransom was directed by the producer notable for which 1974 film ?
risingson is the first single from what album by massive attack , that was the first to be produced by neil davidge , along with the group ?
what publisher published anthony doerr 's pulitzer prize fiction novel ?
what mixed martial arts even took place at a closed hotel and casino on the boardwalk in atlantic city , owned by trump entertainment resorts ?
what has david bowie done in the lodge ?
what is the tagline of the roller coaster that utilizes the same ride system as manta ?
li yitong made her television debut on which network ?
morgan paull played dave holden in a 1982 film loosely adapted from a novel by what author ?
besides jennifer lawrence , chris pratt , michael sheen , and laurence fishburne , who else acted in the movie , " passengers ? "
thirukkalacherry is a village in which indian town ?
rolls-royce welland 's name is taken from this river that is low long
the whitehead light is located in what town with a population of 2,591 during the 2010 census ?
the evil clown is a subversion of the traditional comic clown character with the modern archetype popularised by a book that follows the experiences of how many children ?
who directed the 2017 horror-thriller film in which barry keoghan , nicole kidman , colin farrell , and alicia silverstone appeared ?
who manufactured the scooter upon which the bajaj priya was based off of ?
the director of a film about wong fei-hung also made what film ?
where was class of warships which ara " sarandí " is its fourth and last ship built
how many records did the singer who sang " four seasons of love " sell worldwide ?
in which song was written by singer-songwriter taylor swift and shares the optimistic lyrical message to a song called " yodel it ! " ?
where is the city that ingrida ardišauskaitė was born in located in lithuania ?
johnnie casson appeared on which ex-professional footballer 's british television show ?
the actress who played clementine churchill in " the crown " joined the board of advisors for a theatre company began by who ?
which rugby league team which rory kostjasyn played for is based in melbourne , victoria ?
born 2 b.r.e.e.d . was co-written by the late singer-songwriter who has sold over how many records worldwide ?
who is the lead vocalist for maroon 5 's sixth studio album ?
what province in sicily , founded in the eighth century b.c. , was the birthplace of the famous historical mathematician archimedes ?
what magazine has been contributed to by the poet who created the album " the nikki giovanni poetry collection " ?
how many sliver slugger awards does the player who uses the boss during his at-bat and also plays for the yankees ?
the pioneer helmet and the benty grange helmet are linked because of which feature ?
what sport is featured in the film in which kwon yu-ri made her film debut ?
what year did the sequel to a story that is told through a combination of narrative and vernacular photographs from the personal archives of collectors by ransom riggs come out ?
who produced a song , written and performed by paul mccartney and michael jackson , which was included on an album titled " pipes of peace " ?
vestfold and telemark each border what other norwegian county ?
when was the track from which a sample was featured in " take me to the clouds above " released ?
" the fixer " is a song from an album produced by who ?
the heart never lies is an album by the author of a state ballad entitled what ?
what monster truck team was created by a man from kill devil hills ?
from which team did the linebacker for four nfl teams between 1985-1996 get fired by on november 29 ?
what month did the an online adult website whose last print magazine was published in the summer of 2007 recognize nikita gross ?
when did the author of the book one more river is based on win the nobel prize ?
margaret clifford , countess of derby was the daughter the earl who was seated at which castle from 1310 to 1676 ?
which president of botswana did naomi jacobson immortalize as a statue ?
what technique does cam clarke and akira have in common ?
the united states senate election in hawaii that took place in 1992 ended with the winning of which japanese-american politician ?
how long did the state exist whose army ransacked and looted the city , halebidu , twice in the 14th century ?
what team plays within the big 12 conference and has kevin bookout playing for them ?
what type of veterinary specialist is the star veterinarian of the bionic vet ?
who was the head of the imperial family that was making an broadcast announcement of japan 's surrender in 1945 ?
the city in which the cloverdale fairgrounds are located is a member municipality of which regional district ?
which movie was filmed first " the guest " or " you 're next " ?
what baseball team , part of the ten-school collegiate athletic conference headquartered in irving , texas , was coached by randy mazey in 2016 ?
what year was the company , who released forever kingdom for playstation 2 , founded ?
what was iqbal f. qadir on when he participated in an attack on a radar station located on western shore of the okhamandal peninsula ?
what is the nationality of the wrestler who sang on a jingle with jillian ?
emu australia is best known for their unisex style boots that are typically made of what ?
geoff latulippe is an american writer whose best-known work was directed by whom ?
ici house is now named after the company that provides what type of item ?
in relation to rome , where was the city whose king was the father of ocnus ?
in which election did norm coleman won to become the last republican elected as of 2017 ?
hardley flood is an area of lagoons that support populations of the waterfowl that are a medium sized version of what animal ?
the battle of cambrai took place during a series of offensives that ended on what date ?
in what movie did the male star of a movie about a widowed 37-year-old woman also star in in the year 1993 ?
according to the 2011 census what is the population of the city where royal wahingdoh f.c . are based ?
what was the code name of the campaign where joe foss received a medal of honor ?
3 arts entertainment had at least one coalition with what streaming service , with its 13-episode , 2015 season of a tina fey created sitcom ?
what location under charing cross railway station did g-a-y move to ?
at which university does the biographer of john clare teach english literature ?
which german project recorded a song that featured vocals by a duo from silverdale , england ?
what company did a man who hired sioux falls architect wallace l. dow to build a home in worthing , minnesota found ?
which goalkeeper was nicknamed the " black spider " , turgay şeren or lev yashin ?
when did the the antonine who was known as the third of the five good emperors live ?
the non-fiction book " finding chandra " is about an affair between the victim and a congressman that holds a b.b.a from what school ?
steve uzelac played football for which league located in preston , lancashire ?
what company operates in switzerland and is part of the name of an award gene hobbs won ?
the defending efl championship winner will qualify for which upcoming group stage if it wins all of its participating football tournaments ?
what is the name of the presidential memorial in washington , d.c that connects to an artificial island ?
johnny mathis : wonderful wonderful aired at what luxury hotel , casino and spa resort located in atlantic city , new jersey ?
in the 2011 census what was the population of suburban area in which ba connect is headquartered ?
" angry dad : the movie " is the fourteenth episode of a simpson 's season that began airing on which date ?
what is the name of the popular shopping destination located close to the taj mahal and agra fort in india ?
gretchen gotay graduated from what american public research university that is located approximately 72 miles northeast of atlanta ?
the italian surname bellini is normally written after what names ?
what actor played the male lead in a teen comedy about a high school nerd directed by steve rash ?
what country does washington dulles international airport and baltimore–washington metropolitan area have in common ?
what river has five waterfalls depicted on a state seal ?
which member of northern kings was born on 14 january 1966 ?
which metropolitan at the south of moraine , ohio had a population of 2,114,580 in 2010 u.s. census ?
batthyany belongs to a hungarian family with what latin meaning ?
chiang chungcheng was involved involved in what battle in 1942 ?
what county was matt herr raised in ?
the football player for appeared as gabe cooper in the series daniel boone played college football for what university ?
what broadcasting company did both andrew collins and stuart maconie of collins and maconie 's hit parade both work together from 1194 to 1197 ?
the youngest male model ever to participate in seoul fashion week stars with park hae-jin and kang so-ra ina tv series that last aired on what date ?
in the animal kingdom what type of sexuality is described as sexual behavior toward both male and females ?
the wolf pack football team represented what university ?
who directed the film which had luke goss playing the role of jared nomak ?
adena friedman was formerly the managing director and cfo of a company that specializes in what four key business areas ?
what character played by laurence olivier in 1969 was an officer in the royal air force
thomas henry moray followed work down on nuclear batteries in 1912 by this english physicist ?
what is the first name of the woman who , like tryphosa bates-batcheller , was criticised for being publicly tolerated as a singer due to her wealth , despite a lack of talent ?
what is the mascot of the oldest private university in georgia ?
which american soldier and serial killer was death of a soldier based on
who was the first prophert to the sixth pharaoh of the eighteenth dynasty ?
how many consecutive years had the serie a been comprised of 18 teams when hernan crespo got injured ?
kscw-dt is part of a duopoly with which virtual channel 12 in wichita ?
who was the lead prosecutor for the soilder court-martialed for the premeditated attack at camp pennsylvania , kuwait ?
the composer of the music for the ballet " the seasons " was the director of what organization from 1905 to 1928 ?
how are ceephax acid crew and squarepusher 's music similar ?
the director of panic 5 bravo was born in what year ?
nicholas medforth-mills is a grandson to a king who was born on what day and year ?
what nationality was the noble house that employed frntisek rint to organize the human bones interred at the sedlec ossuary ?
where 's officer tuba ? is a comedy film that stars which hong kong-based actress ?
michael j. hunter replaced the lawyer who became the administrator of which agency ?
what 1991 disney film is also a 1946 french romantic fantasy film directed by french poet and filmmaker jean cocteau ?
when was the creator of bully boy born ?
syracuse orange men 's basketball team was part of a conference that participated in how many total sports ?
how many seasons has a popular tv show had , in which one of the episodes is called moho house ?
what 2014 academy award winner guest starred in " emanuelle goes to dinosaur land ?
simone de beauvoir partnered with the person whose journal would be called what ?
which head coach has led their team for a longer period of time , tim cluess or steve prohm ?
what type of coat coloration do colorpoint shorthairs and siamese share ?
george h. w. bush , a resident of west oaks subdivision in houston texas , became what number president in 1989 ?
where does the train that runs from nyc and miami station at in florida ?
phil lloyd played tim mathieson , the partner of this prime minister who was the 27th prime minister of australia from 2010 to when
in what town is the office organization solutions company whose canadian arm is oxford headquartered ?
who produced a 1999 fantasy-comedy directed by spike jonze ?
the secret of moonacre was directed by the founder of which animation studio ?
which sultan of the ottoman empire was gevherhan sultan her granddaughter
what athletic conference did the conference that the colgate raiders women 's ice hockey team play in used to be affiliated with ?
the american cable and satellite television channel that april " ape " margera appears upon is owned by whom ?
which american film director and actor famous for his role as donny " the bear jew " donowitz wrote the 2012 film " the man with the iron fists " ?
james jinkins was the creator of an animated television series that appeared on what network ?
what is the first year that the second largest university in alabama fielded a football team ?
which american politician who served as united states senator from 1971 to 1989 was governor of florida before buddy mackay ?
at what university is the organic chemist who headed the group that designed the nanocar a professor ?
what kind of act does whaling in australia and right whale have in common ?
what was the rank of the leader of the army defeated by west saxon forces ?
the first woman to be the chef de mission of an australian olympic team won gold medal in which winter olympics ?
mundawar is a city 140km from which state capital of rajasthan ?
the swiss immigration referendum , february 2014 is an example of what , which was framed by bilateral treaties between switzerland and the european union ?
in what mountain range that extends through multiple countries is there a mountain that lies southeast of jacabamba ?
st. john 's college , belize offers an education in a tradition in which what three subjects were the core ?
which minor role did this new zealand storyboard artist play in the film " king kong " who will direct the film based on the novel by philip reeve ?
which runner-up from " american idol " wrote country song " next boyfriend " ?
the 1997 independent slapstick comedy film snowboard academy stars this danish-italian actress , model , singer and reality television personality who began her career modelling for whom ?
kevin alejandro was part of the cast of the 2015 american drama film written and directed by whom ?
which of the teams for which colin kolles is the former team principal and managing director was sold and renamed force india at the end of the 2007 ?
during which period the sedan variant of the volvo v50 car was manufactured ?
ivan konrad trajkovič qualified for which major international multi-sport event celebrated in the tradition of the olympic games , as governed by the international olympic committee ?
what league , which is also known as the barclays premier league , had its start date pushed back ?
about how many people are employed by the company founded by denise coates ?
tommy 's honour was a drama film that included the actor who found success with what 2016 bbc miniseries ?
why are many of the band , hirsute pursuit 's songs considered controversial ?
stephen joseph bercik was mayer of a city that had a population of 124,969 as of the 2010 united states census , and that has an estimated population of what for 2015 ?
norman buckley is associated with a family drama for what cable network , formerly known as abc family ?
which ground force of the austro-hungarian dual monarchy did jan romer joined
bridget cromwell is the eldest daughter of an english military and political leader and later lord protector of what commonwealths ?
what did both karel bossart and sergei korolev design ?
the county that the community of milltown , montana is part of was founded in which year ?
what episode of south park was the episode that aired in may before funnybot ?
the 2006 film alien autopsy promoted by ant & dec made it to which spot on the british box office chart ?
when was the host of " british academy television awards 2009 " born ?
what year did the band that sang gives you hell form ?
philip carlo , the author of the biography of the mob assasin richard kuklinsk , died of which diease ? i ,
how many times has the team jack mckeon managed won the world series ?
what kind of teacher is the actress who was killed off along with sonny ?
four presidents including the 26th president theodore roosevelt were featured in the 60ft sculpture in the granite face of mount rushmore which was sculpted by what sculptor ?
finity 's end was written by which american writer ?
piano concerto no . 6 in d major , hess 15 is an unfinished piano concerto by a composer who passed away in which year ?
what 's the nasdaq ticker code for spirit airlines , based at detroit metro airport among others and an ultra low cost carrier ?
what school did the team , whose only sophomore starter went on to play eleven seasons with the atlanta falcons , represent in the 1963 college football season ?
in what town is suffolk county hamlet that was served by the suffolk traction company ?
what team won the xlii super bowl in their 48th overall season ?
jennifer ventimilia co-wrote the teleplay of the episode that was part of which season of the simpsons ?
when was the defending titlist of 2009–10 biathlon world cup – pursuit men born ?
the governor of santiago del estero is a citizen of the province that is neighbored by which province on the north ?
what city was the capital of the ostrogothic kingdom and the birth place of ornella fiorentini ?
what year was the independent regional brewery founded that currently operates in hasting 's oldest pub ?
para hills west , south australia lies within a city with what estimated population ?
what supernatural horror film did miles doleac have a role in ?
ruffin horne mcneill jr. an american football coach was named interim head coach after the suspension of a head coach that lead the team to winning seasons in every year of his what ?
paul maynard became rail minister after the entrance of the prime minister who took office in what year ?
the location of the area where fort nisqually stood is in what washington county ?
rob is an american sitcom that starred what american actress who was best known for portraying yolanda saldivar in the film selena ?
dark dungeons is based on what short gospel tracts by a religious cartoonist ?
young dolph was featured on the hit single by which american hip hop recording artist ?
what years was the auto racing series held that was followed on by the 2016 blancpain gt series sprint cup ?
jennifer gordon received a bachelor of arts degree from which women 's liberal arts college in cambridge , massachusetts , and functioned as a female coordinate institution for the all-male harvard college ?
killing you is a song by a band that consists of lead vocalist danny worsnop , guitarists ben bruce and cameron liddell , drummer james cassells and what bassist ?
u.s. representative mike conaway is investigating interference in what us elections with the help of american attorney , politician and former prosecutor trey gowdy and tom rooney ?
arena essex raceway is built alongside an out-of-town shopping centre constructed on the site of a former what ?
luke rockhold defeated the mma fighter who was the first to earn a win against which champion in the ufc ?
what day in november is southpark most congested ?
who created the manga series originally serialized from 1994-1995with a superheroine ?
what was the middle name of the actress who was cast alongside harvey fierstein , linda hart , dick latessa , clarke thorell , mary bond davis , laura bell bundy , matthew morrison , corey reynolds , and marissa jaret winokur in hairspray ?
shepard settlement is just south of what major new york city ?
the name od the jason hook album " safety dunce " is a play on the words of a song released in what year ?
kasimir bileski was a noted stamp dealer based in a canadian province that is bordered by which 2 us states ?
what ranks does jerry kyd wear while captaining the largest warship ever built for the royal navy ?
what movement is this music seen as that released facta loquuntur as their first full length album ?
who fills in occasionally for the meteorologist who replaced ginger zee ?
when was the american writer of the a series of four vampire-themed fantasy romance novels born ?
in what corner of missouri is radio station wmbh located ?
the alexander dawson school is located in a community that occupies how many acres ?
douglas d. scott is an american archaeologist most notable for his work at the site of a battle that occurred in what year ?
the general survey act was passed shortly after the supreme court decision that discussed what concept ?
which services did rock nominees ltd and iss a/s ( integrated service solutions ) have in common ?
which retired baseball player played chad bradford in a movie adaptation of a michael lewis book ?
the alcoholic drink that shares a name with quintessentially unreal 's 1996 album is commonly reffered to in historical literature as what ?
where in the northernmost and largest freguesia can we find the communications museum ?
crash is similar to what 16th century british card game in the sense that there is no betting ?
what film came out first , all the marbles or what ever happened to baby jane ?
who was born earlier , johnny lujack or jim kelly ?
jamell anderson plays for the basketball team from what city ?
which university , attended by jonas tilly , is part of california 's three-system public higher education plan ?
what was the arena , in which the 2017 brit awards were held , called during the 2012 olympics ?
the porsche 968 was the last in a line of front-engined sports cars following the 944 and which earlier model ?
who directed the film to which " a perfect murder " was a modern remake ?
jun ji-hyun rose to fame after her as a girl in a film that 's title means what ?
the innocents is a 1961 gothic horror film that was based on a novella by henry james published in what year ?
when was the friends song was released which is taken from the fourth studio album of canadian singer and song writer justin bieber ?
what is the birthday of the earl of merioneth ?
what university did the last detroit pistons player to wear the number retired in honor of a player nicknamed " the worm " attend ?
which actor starred in both " the best years of our lives " in 1946 and " the crowded sky " in 1960 ?
the red queen 's race is a science fiction short story that uses the red queen 's race from a novel by lewis carroll that is the sequel to what ?
eusebio valli studied alongside a physician who was the pioneer of what field ?
which community did otto gross join which includes the popular destination monte verita ?
the rifle cartridge created by the swedish was also shared by which other nation ?
near which town did the family of author of the " adventures of huckleberry finn " own several tracts of land ?
which soviet russian cellist.did anton ginsburg work best known as accompany
when was the writer of seesaw born ?
stockely webster has paintings hanging in what home ( that serves as the residence for the mayor of new york ) ?
near the banks of what river is the city in romania with a partner aspen institute located ?
matthew butturini was born in a town on the tweed river how many km north-east of sydney ?
the actor who plays the grown version of emma swan 's son , from " once upon a time " , also plays what character in the television show " the walking dead " ?
when was the rock band to which pre-creedence name was changed active ?
which tour did the beatles release their album dark horse ?
swiss music duo double released their best known single " the captain of her heart " in what year ?
what did the main character in unbroken do in the olympics ?
chandgi ram won a gold medal in 1970 in a continental multi-sport event held at which city ?
gary l. bennett was a part of the space missions that have a primary destination of what celestial body ?
what position did the former major league baseball player play who worked on the same broadcast team as kim kelch ?
the fort worth zoo was rated as one of the top zoos by a magazine published where ?
what creature of american folklore gained notoriety in 1964 ?
robbie tucker plays in what series that follows a group of friends who run an irish bar ?
are the sleepers located north or south of the kancamagus highway ?
illmatic , the debut studio album by nas which featured the song " n.y. state of mind " , was released on what date by which record label ?
what party was johan henrik deuntzer a part of before the party that translates to the " radical left ? "
what film was the screen debut of the musician nicknamed " lady day " ?
to where did the war criminal who is the fictional defendant in the film after the truth flee in real life ?
what military formation were participated in by both oscar w. koch and general george smith patton jr. ?
paul keenan composes works from anglo-saxon texts such as the codex donated to the library of exeter cathedral by whom ?
what is the 2010 census population of the county where wildcat brook flows through jackson ?
which comic series involves characters such as nick fury and baron von strucker ?
which system of mountains in eastern north america is hamburg mountains a range region of
what was the nickname of anthony corallo , boss to " sal " avellino and head of the lucchese mob family mob in new york ?
pawnography , featuring richard corey harrison , is filmed in what shop and town ?
also known as the great action , what other name did this event go by ?
which film was released first , jawbreaker or havenhurst ?
the actress who played laurie keller in the episode " pilot " of the show cougartown won what award in 2011 ?
madmaze was developed by eric goldberg as what type of game ?
what year was the argentine singer and actor who both directed and starred in el tio disparate born ?
where is the english punk rock band which howard devoto is the original singer of formed
what is the current home arena of the nhl team chris summers plays for ?
the star in a 1953 epic metro-goldwyn-mayer film adaption of the play by shakespeare had what occupation ?
what singer who sang in church during her childhood did stacy barthe pen album tracks for ?
arabella chapman graduated from which school that was opened as the albany free academy ?
what is the height of the tallest mountain from which the glen river flows ?
who was the vizier of ebla after one who had served king ishar damu for 17 years ?
what company claims to manufacture one out of every three objects that provide a shelf life typically ranging from one to five years ?
what cartel drug lord with the reputation as " the king of cocaine " partnered with jack carlton reed to provide drugs to the united states in the 20th century ?
in what city was the second bowl game to air on all the " big four " television networks played ?
who was hung for assisting the attempted surrender of a defector from the american continental army to the british army ?
what psychosis shares a name with an enemy fought by the protagonists in an animated show by hasbro ?
what was the birth name of the ex-slave abolitionist featured in the art installation the dinner party ?
when did belgium racer stoffel vandoorne win the monaco gp2 series round ?
who was born more recently , flula borg , or dirk nowitzki ?
in what basketball position does the brother of saulius kuzminskas play ?
what type of the district is the downtown bentonville of the state in the southeastern region of the united states which is home to over 3 million people as of 2017 ?
dru decaro is the lead guitarist for the rnb artist who began creating music at what age ?
what country of origin does jerry barrett and florence nightingale have in common ?
who was this american founding father , a proponent of democracy , republicanism , and individual rights , examined ice age fossils of kentucky 's big bone lick ?
who was the director of the 2007 american fantasy comedy film in which the actor best known for playing michael scott on the the american version of " the office " starred ?
which of the three main psychedelic compounds found in the psilocybin genus mushroom are converted to psilocin by the body ?
where did henri christophe and other slaves hold an uprising from 1791 to 1804 that led to the founding of a state which was both free from slavery and ruled by non-whites and former captives ?
how many employees does the company that unveiled a deal to acquire igate have ?
when was the movie adaption of jennifer weiner 's novel " in her shoes " released ?
korea university college of education is based in the city that ranks what in the world by terms of size ?
what is the name of the genocidal mass slaughter of tutsi rwanda , in which cyprian and daphrose rugamba were assassinated ?
who was the original female founder of the brewery that was purchased in 2006 by the largest brewery in the state of maryland ?
sr connector is based on the connector that is often used for what type of cable ?
who is the creator of the animated television series that its fourteenth episode of season three 's title is " time keeps on slippin " ?
what role on " switched at birth " was played by the actor who is being replaced by daniel hall on " the young and the restless " ?
when did the italian luxury fashion house which daas has appeared in campaigns for brands like founded
what did felix salten originally title his most famous work ?
a cabinet-making firm was found which year , from lancaster ?
which song , released on december 7 , 2008 was co-written by liz rose ?
ben stein had a part in the 1994 superhero fantasy film directed by whom ?
tui flower and julia child were both known for what ?
which fictional mi6 agent is a fictional character created by the british journalist and novelist ian fleming in 1952 ?
black journal is based on the real life events of what serial killer that murdered three women in correggio ?
inserra supermarkets is a supermarket chain that is a member of what cooperative that was founded in 1946 and based in keasbey , new jersey ?
mick chatterton 's best season was in 1969 finishing 16th place for the year in the oldest established what ?
which university founded as a college in 1881 is janet beer the vice-chancellor of
kenneth arnold reported the first unidentified object sighting in what city and state in 1947 ?
soundcloud rap has been used by which rapper from lauderhill , florida ?
private music signed the drummer who was part of which english group ?
olivia dejonge starred in an american horror film directed by shyamalan called what
the greatest event in television history aired on the channel that was founded by whom ?
the channel that has interviewed players such as the forward for the french national team is on what platform ?
the man known as the voice of " elgar " voices the english character in what manga inspired by keitaro arima ?
what film directed by david greene did merrell jackson play an apostle in ?
how many kilometers did sabrina mockenhaupt run when she set her best record ?
what subsidiary of the largest airline of the republic of china ( taiwan ) has a main hub at taichung airport ?
in what city did brian mannal convene when he was a member of the 188th and 189th general court ?
the nike mercurial vapor is endorsed by a stoke city football player who also plays for what national team ?
what was the creator of the moshulu parkway known as ?
the king deposed in the glorious revolution of 1688 was supported by the grandson of what viscount barnewall ?
the king of the molossians and epirus encamped between what two cities ?
who wrote the 1995 american action film starring a two-time consensus all-american ?
what is the latin name for one of the five " big cats " that the word " panther " may refer to when outside of the americas ?
a golfer born in 1993 participated in which tournament ?
what star of parks and recreation appeared in november ?
what was todd boehly 's former position at the firm where mark walter is the ceo ?
who was the football manager that played in the football league cup in 1985 and managed to lead the birmingham city football club 's 103rd season to finish in the 18th position ?
what northern ireland town founded in 1620 is the birthplace of one of the final four contestants from the seventh uk series of " the apprentice " ?
which italian-american composer and librettist wrote the english language opera , maria golovin ?
gleanntáin ghlas ' ghaoth dobhair is a song that can be heard in pubs licensed to serve what ?
matilda of chester , countess of huntingdon 's father was the son of which woman ?
the 22nd avn awards took place in what nevada county ?
the old ones are more powerful than which of the mightiest gods ?
what scientist as well as a practising roman cathloic described the electronic voice phenomena as typically brief , usually the length of a work or short phrase ?
which civilization instigated a war with rome and significantly influenced the latin language ?
what was the first name of the wife of the namesake of the high school located at 123 coles street in jersey city ?
this radio programme that originally aired from october 1995 to april 2000 starred a critic working in what field ?
how many golden globe awards did the artist who published the photo book " in mexico " win ?
what was the former name of the stadium where the ofc u-20 championship was played in 1986 ?
what was the first air date that the cgi animated series that preceded " mixels " ?
the prussian general carl von clausewitz is associated with what type of realism ?
which television series was part of cartoon network 's 2017 april fools ' prank and had a song by justin roiland played during the third season of the same show ?
the airport located next to the a13 handled how many passengers in 2016 ?
osireion is located to the rear of the temple named after which new kingdom nineteenth dynasty of egypt pharaoh ?
the fourth episode the simpsons ' seventh season has what kind of theme ?
in what county is the third fitzwilliam meetinghouse located ?
what mexican actress of film , television , and theatre was a protagonist in la heredera ?
katherine ann dettwyler was n't rehired after she commented on the death of the student who was arrested in north korea in what month and year ?
roxie hart starred the entertainer and comedic actor who had what nickname ?
what is one risk to norway 's financial reserve ?
just before i go stars an actress who plays what character in the series " 24 " ?
which pickup truck that 's name was retired in north america in 1976 is part of toyota 's imv program with the fortuner suv ?
the out of control tour began in an indoor arena above what ?
at what frequency an academic journal publishes which covers numerical and computational techniques to reduce any substantial losses or gains suffered by an individual or an organization ?
metro west ambulance serves event support for the building in portland formerly known as what ?
where in the traditional west riding of lindsey is the trolleybus museum located ?
what is the population of the town that gets it 's water supply from canobie lake ?
what is the name of the company manged by joseph reiser based in biel/bienne , switzerland ?
where is hawthornden castle located relative to a castle 9 miles south of edinburgh ?
what german state was karl julius perleb born in ?
shane and friends have interviewed an american youtube personality who has two active youtube channels , which have a combined total of how many views ?
dost mohammad khan was killed by a ruler who became the third king of what country ?
what was the name of the first biography of brontë written by the author of mary barton ?
who described the captain of the winners of the 1964-65 european cup winners cup as the best defender he had ever played against ?
suzie toase is best known for her role as alecto carrow in the part 2 of a movie directed by who ?
underfist : halloween bash was going to be the setup for a new series spin-off but the contract expired with a cable and television station that was launched on october 1 , 19962 by whom ?
how many albums did the company who released tift merritt 's debut album release for tif merritt ?
priest rapids dam is located near which nuclear production complex ?
what collegiate division does the team coached by p.w . underwood play in ?
in what year was the british actress who starred in a film adaptation of a series of eight children 's books written by p. l. travers born ?
the legendary a & m sessions contain five songs by the singer whose work was conducted with what band ?
in the british experimental jazz band polar bear , who handles digital devices ?
what is the first name of jack benny binion 's father ?
what sports club based in hamburg germany had a persian born football player who played for eight seasons ?
who was the son and heir of henry beauclerc ?
what was the name of the alum by the scorpions that contained one of their most famous songs written by klaus meine and herman rarebell ?
where was the maker of cougar bourbon whiskey headquartered before its acquisition by anheuser-busch inbev ?
who was the founder of a chain of supermarkets that is now headquartered on nott street in schenectady ?
which swiss watch company was forced to merge by the swiss banks in 1983 ?
what census-designated place located in nassau county , new york has as portions of it 's territory , districts of brian curran , new york state assemblyman ?
who developed the jet fighters operated by the 41st tactical squadron of the polish air force ?
what club does the footballer who surpassed david beckham for the appearance record play for ?
" lesbian request denied " is the third episode of the first season of a series created by who ?
horse the blind is known for nintendocore which emerged from hardcore punk and what genre ?
what was the original name of the theatrical program that was founded by joseph papp ?
what is the architectural distinction of the hotel whose owner and chief developer is frank augustus miller ?
what was the companion piece that poe 's brother published ?
why does the city of boston get their christmas tree from ainslee glen nova scotia ?
what type of development , currently existing in pasay , is currently being considered for malls such as one in m.a . roxas avenue in clark freeport , angeles city in pampanga philippines ?
what was thomas boutflower bennet 's role at the collegiate school of st peter ?
what is the first two words of the fifth studio album of joseph edgar foreman ?
which radioshow did frank sinatra appear on the year he won an academy award ?
jeff bhasker won a grammy award for a song that was the fourth single from what studio album ?
in what year year was the believed subject of the lenny kravitz song " lady " born ?
what prince is a claimant to the former throne of italy and born in september 1943 ?
who distributed a american-indian-irish computer-animated comedy-adventure film starring an irish actor known for playing miles o'brien ?
which new south wales town is larger , port macquarie or bonny hills ?
rafael de souza pereira is a defensive midfielder for what organization that is the top level of the mexican football league system ?
seal harris was born in what county ?
which county located in the commonwealth of kentucky is kentucky route 393 ( ky 393 ) a state highway in
profile lake is located at the foot of a mountain that is how many feet tall ?
the order of th elithuanian grand duke gediminas features one of the earliest symbols of lithuania , that was used by the lithuanian republic as a minor state symbol during what period ?
pippa hinchleyplayed elaine fenwick on a british soap opera shown on what channel ?
when is the national league which the manchester united is participating in , set to end in 2018 ?
what is the name of the fashion label that the founder of the faena arts center founded in 1985 ?
what type of vehicle is the blue bird wanderlodge which was manufactured in georgia by the blue bird corporation ?
what was richard connell 's best known work the hounds of zaroff also published as ?
which car brand was one step above the brand started on november 3 , 1911 ?
the director of american crime film , secret of the chateau , was known to work at which company ?
what genre of music is adnan sami noted for playing on the piano created through a trapezoid-shapped hammered dulcimer ?
revival of 1800 was a series of evangelical christian meetings . in what month did francis asbury begin attending the revival meetings ?
gerald grosvenor , 6th duke of westminster was succeeded by the british aristocrat who is estimated to be worth how much ?
in which year did this american rapper and actor , from cleveland , ohio , who guest-featured in the album " excuse my french " first release a mixtape ?
what company founded in 1886 has owned the k-y brand ?
which segment of if these walls could talk did the goddess of pop direct ?
legends of the fall was based on a novella by what poetry and fiction writer ?
the reverend jesse bushyhead was a member of a cherokee faction led by a chief born in what year ?
how many chapters does yōko shōji 's most famous manga have ?
besides acting in things such as home free , what else did marian mercer do ?
which arab world 's car was used in a american action film directed by f. gary gray and written by chris morgan ?
what is the call sign of the airline that operates the flight with united express flight 3411 incident ?
what is the alcohol content of the drink normally consumed alongside rippchen ?
what american corporation owns claim jumper ?
when was the peer-reviewed open access scientific journal established in which milivoje kostic editor-in-chief of the thermodynamics section ?
what city is the band that recorded renegade from ?
who wrote the jukebox musical depicting the recording session between the " king of rock and roll " and 3 other famous musicians ?
to whom does the term pietro colonna galatino is sometimes referred to as the inventor of refer ?
where is the game which high rollers casino is a type been played
ufo magazine covers what subject named for charles hoy fort ?
god is not great is by a journalist which due to his actions made him what ?
who is is known domestically for his humorous videos and stage performances and released his sixth studio album in 2012 ?
what is the birth name of the woman that " a woman called moses " is based on ?
the cinematic orchestra was signed to the record label based in what city ?
edoardo soleri is playing on loan from which italian football club ?
what are the names of the co-directors of the psychological horror film starring emily browning and elizabeth banks ?
what is the group called that dianne morgan and joe wilkinson a part of in the bbc comedy " two episodes of mash "
during the 2004-05 atlanta hawks season , the team acquired a former professional basketball player , who is the current head coach of what team ?
" aroma-scope " used in spy kids 4 is reminiscent of what marketing gimmick used in polyester in 1981 ?
suzanne simone baptiste louverture is the wife of the leader of which revolution ?
in addition to the best known comic servant from commedia dell'arte , who else is featured in la surprise de l'amour ?
in what town does the one-time star of " and there 's more " now live ?
edward c. hugger and alexander acosta served at appointees for what job ?
which club , founded in 1928 , did bob johnson played for
a holdout is an accessory used by cheats in order for them to recieve what ?
in which football league does the son of souleyman sané play ?
how many legs does the animal , in which karl kraepelin discusses in " scorpiones und pedipalpi , " have ?
what portrait hangs in the smithsonian institute along with what is known as the founder of nursing ?
why did basketball player , " the process " not play in the 77th season ?
how many rooms are in the building built in 1883 at garden city in nassau county , new york ?
who is younger chris gould or robbie gould ?
san jose secondary educational center , is located on the cost of what sea ?
what member of the south korean-chinese boy group exo stars in the upcoming movie " the underdog " ?
did the host of splash ! win a gold , silver , or bronze olympic medal ?
wfmt fm radio transmits from the second tallest building in the united states , which is located where ?
what is the birthday of the author of " she walks these hills " ?
charles coughlin was a controversial canadian-american roman catholic who also started what rumor ?
joe ford played for which football club based out of old trafford ?
emily beecham is best known for her role in a televsion series whose second season premiered on what date ?
one of the directors of mediastan is well-known for founding what organisation in 2006 ?
in which county does the united states navy air base located in which attack squadron 174 ( va-174 ) was based on ?
where is the closest relative to the whale located ?
the physicist that saw a deficiency in newton 's classical theory of gravity received a nobel prize in what year ?
in what year did the parent show of the url with phred show end ?
what two shows is the director of the first " clone wars " series known for creating ?
what chinese company helped develop the aircraft that preceded the chengdu j-7 ?
michał wiśniowiecki was related to the king of poland and grand duke of lithuania michał korybut wiśniowiecki in what way ?
how many acts is the ballet rita sangalli premiered in , in the year 1876 ?
billy king was an australian rules footballer who participated in a game that was contested between the south melbourne football club and carlton football club , and was held at what location in melbourne in 1945 ?
when did the park at which tivolis koncertsal is located open ?
maine state route 111 connects alfred to biddenford but what county is alfred in ?
what is the main base for the parent company of latam express ?
giovanna d'arco is an opera that was created by the composer of what nationality ?
who manages the laboratory that ran the aurora generator test ?
drisheen is what type of product made in ireland and other parts of europe ?
the 59th infantry division covered the deployment of the 35th infantry during the allied operation during what war ?
who signed into law the act made to lower barriers to adoption ?
what are both jack rabbit and leap-the-dips made of ?
michael mark brodsky is known for his translation of what irish avant-garde novelist , playwright , theatre director , and poet ?
what man with a lazy left eye starred in sacred ground ?
what is the name of the girl group that the host of the nickelodeon australian kids ' choice awards 2006 was a member of ?
on what album is samuel " sam " ervin beam 's cover of " such great heights " featured ?
what city in the philippines is home to the robinsons galleria and the 4th largest shopping mall in the world ?
which one of magna publishing group 's tiles is a spinoff of the uk 's club international ?
rani jhansi marine national park commemorates what queen of the princely state of jhansi in north india ?
which english singer from the 1960s has an album entitled dangerous acquaintances released in 1981 ?
the first latina supreme court justice was part of the majority decision of a case that upheld which previous supreme court case ?
who was the pivotal in the formation of schools catering for the primary and early secondary education of children in remote and outback australia ?
in which 2017 film did this south korean actor of " dream high " ( 2011 ) and the 2012 south korean television drama series featuring han ga-in , jung il-woo and kim min-seo appeared in 2017 ?
what is the name of the town linked by rail to kendal , named after a lake of the same name ?
the company that park joo-mi made her entertainment debut as a model for has its headquarters in what building in seoul ?
what is the total circulation of the magazine that called ohio state route 78 one of the most scenic highways nationwide ?
chancellor otto von bismark and reichstadt agreement were also part of what league ?
opel once owned and manufactured the brand known under one shared name in new zealand and australia , and that brand is now a subsidiary of what company ?
who was the woman whose execution for treason by german firing squad was the reason for prussian generalleutnant ( lieutenant general ) traugott von sauberzweig 's replacement as military governor of brussels in 1915 ?
the album " mr. 12 string guitar " features a singer that hosted a variety show from 1969 to 1972 on what newtork ?
which turkish leisure airline started operations under its own aoc in april 2011 ?
phil urban ceo of mitchells & bustlers manages what in the united kingdom ?
what was the real name of the author of the book " coraline " has been compared to ?
the actor that played gutthi on comedy nights with kapil show also starred in what 2016 punjabi film directed by smeep kang ?
indie studio jumpship developed what puzzle-platform video game released in july 2010 ?
what genre does orkworld and john wick have in common ?
besides the song " ok computer " what did the same band record in 1995 ?
which star of here come the munsters was born in philadelphia ?
what network does the original presenter of itv nightly news currently present for ?
who is the son of the author of the short story " the enormous radio . "
the 2010–11 old dominion monarchs basketball team was led by the coach of what nationality ?
who wrote the 1996 american historical drama film in which william preston appeared ?
which award did the author of anastasia on her own win in 2002 ?
who was involved in observing the natural progression of untreated syphilis in rural african-american men in alabama ?
what county is the congressional district that hansen clarke was a u.s. representative for in ?
which producer from the 2015 british documentary film about the life and death of british singer-songwriter amy winehouse also worked on the film oasis : supersonic as a film producer ?
what title did the author of det norske theater 's first production hold ?
what lawyers were featured in the state of marriage , with the lawyer nominated by governor peter shumlin ?
what is the official currency in the country that hosts the asahi-ryokuken yomiuri memorial tournament ?
which league is the 121th season of top-tier competitive football in switzerland which ulrich forte coach fc zürich in the league
andrea camplone is a football coach in which 22-team competition ?
what is type of philosophies is the structure of liberty about ?
reveille park is the eighth album by which american rapper born on october 5 , 1970 ?
where does the descendant of the red setter originate ?
is the university that owns wcsu-fm historically black or white ?
in the usa , a tobacconist , also called a tobacco shop or smoke shop , is traditionally represented by which advertisement figure , that is often a three-dimensional wooden sculpture several feet tall ?
which american comedian , actor , writer , producer and voice actor from " hot & fluffy " voices a character in the nut job ?
what disease is the wolf prize winner and vadim bereinskii-inspired nobel laureate suffering from ?
britt walford played with what musician who is best known for his guitar work in the band maurice
name the movie that was cowritten by paul rudd and the director of the 2011 british science fiction horror comedy film written and directed by joe cornish and starring john boyega , nick frost , jodie whittaker and luke treadaway .
om and six organs of admittance are both what ?
barranca de yaco is a geographical feature along an ancient road that is approximately how many miles long ?
what are some other areas that share a common deer species with the forests of mara and mondrem ?
what is the approximate population of the town near which forward operating base gibraltar was located ?
what is the age range of the league for which the bobby smith trophy is awarded ?
the pilot and author of highest duty : my search for what really matters was hired by which news station in 2011 ?
how to irritate people was a broadcast written by an english actor who got his start on what television program ?
which country is the taipa island part of ?
what year did the viacom subsidary , paramount pictures make the silent film through the glass window ?
the group formed during the summer of 2007 included what girl born in 1987 ?
which dutch media tycoon transferred all of its media activities to talpa holding ?
focus is a 2015 american romantic crime comedy-drama film starring an australian actress who was also cast in what soap opera ?
what year was playford b power station permanently closed in by its australian operator ?
rebecca m. bergman is the president of a college affliated with what church ?
the twenty-first season of south park was entitled " white people renovating houses " is which episode of the series overall ?
what association did the woman whose museum is located in the bolling–gatewood house help found ?
who married a man who starred in marcus welby , m.d . ?
at what university can the building that served as the fictional household that includes gomez and morticia be found ?
when was the german actress born who is best known for her role as the borg seven of nine and who has role in " body of proof " as dr. kate murphy ?
whiich australian racing driver won the 44-lap race for the red bull racing team ?
where in london was the 2012 olympic event featuring athletes such as katsuaki susa held ?
the first edition of the dungeons & dragons basic set was written by a professor at what university ?
victor koman 's ph.d. in information technology was conferred by a university located in which city ?
the nike hoop summit has had many current nba players as former participants , including what german player from the dallas mavericks ?
what chef is the owner of a japanese restaurant in the tribeca neighborhood and also owns two bar masas in new york and nevada ?
which award david hersey had got for equus a play by peter shaffer ?
donnie smith who plays as a left back for new england revolution belongs to what league featuring 22 teams ?
corn ranch is a spaceport where test flights are carried out by a company headquartered in what state ?
what andy williams ' album did a song written by charles wesley appear on ?
who co-wrote the hidden history of the human race with a man know devotionally as drutakarma dasa ?
what abbey , founded in 598 , was clarembald a monk at ?
what class of yamaha class sport bike motorcycle did ryuji yokoa use when he finished as champion in the mfj all japan road race gp250 championship in 2006 ?
what instrument does duff mckagan play on macy gray 's single , kissed it ?
who designed the casino that the venetian macao is modeled on ?
what wikileaks using whistleblower is notable for having a hacking organization with a user base of over 1,800,000 ?
who was the husband of the prominent walton family member who died after john died in 2005 ?
kevin short had a role as the jailer in which three-act french opera ?
armie hammer stars as oliver in a film directed by who ?
what classmate of tony hendra is the director of research at the centre for theoretical cosmology within the university of cambridge ?
who is a brazilian mixed martial artist in the ufc who namsaknoi yudthagarngamtorn coached ?
what year was the writer of the blog preposterous universe born ?
george reed was , along with which drake university player , one of the greatest running backs in cfl history ?
siegi sessler was the restaurateur whose club was frequented by which actress with welsh ancestry ?
where is the american honky tonk country band , whose first studio album was honky tonks and cheap motels , based ?
what prominent director worked with orion pictures and was born in december of 1935 ?
in the 1970s , which group acquired this department store group in the united kingdom whose co-founding director is the father of lieutenant colonel donald swain lewis ?
the uss daedalus was named after an exiled athenian representative of artists from which culture ?
command and control was a book that discusses the 1980 incident in what state ?
which iphone was the first to be completely developed by the chief executive officer of apple who was born in 1960 ?
jaclyn stapp is married to the former frontman of a band that disbanded in what year ?
when was the university established where laura landweber is a professor ?
whitford lodge once held a branch of the bank that later became which national bank ?
who created the term that the author of a piece of danish happiness uses to explain why danish people are the happiest in the world ?
how many players are in the club in which stephen curry became part of in the 2015-2016 nba season ?
bride of the regiment was later remade into a 1948 film starring the actress and pin-up girl who was the highest-salaried american woman in which two years ?
svíčková is a dish that includes dumplings that are prepared in what way ?
north midland divisional engineers took part in a battle during wwii that went on for how many weeks ?
what lord of the rings actor starred alongside paul hogan in flipper ?
who co-starred in an episode of the abc comedy hour with the man who played duke slater in " gomer pyle , u.s.m.c . " ?
who covered the song i love you by chris write ?
what was the title of the failed magazine that preceded and inspired the the science fiction league ?
consider the band formed in 2015 by jyp entertainment through the reality show " sixteen " . how many tracks are on the reissue of their third album ?
this british television series was adapted from one of the better-known novels of a 19th-century writer and was first published in what magazine ?
wojtek wolski played for what team based in the miami metropolitan area ?
what ibf light flyweight championship winner was related to the mexican boxer born on may 28 , 1986 in mexico city ?
jayaprakash narayan was posthumously awarded what highest indian civilian award ?
ithihasa and the indian music composer of " chronic bachelor " , " udayananu tharam " , " naran " , " puthiya mukham , " " urumi " , " grandmaster " and " bhaskar the rascal " are known in what type of films/cinema ?
phoebe ruguru created a 2014 film on a smartphone marketed by what company ?
the wright model b was an early pusher biplane designed by what inventors and aviation pioneers who are credited with building the world 's first successful airplane ?
kieran crichlow is a footballer from what island in the lesser antilles ?
the home video game console that was developed by sony computer entertainment is a platform for a racing video game developed by who ?
what actor from " willow " also starred in " the usual suspects " ?
matt doheny lost his primary race to what current youngest woman ever elected to congress ?
" look at us now " is a song by american djs based in which city ?
charles barton " chuck " kendall , jr. was reportedly interested in purchasing the los angeles clippers from which jewish-american businessman ?
how many episodes were in the season of " rick and morty " that featured an episode called " the ricks must be crazy " ?
the star of " under the silver lake " made his debut in what film ?
dorian gray is the main character of what philosophical novel whose editor feared the story was indecent , and deleted roughly five hundred words before publication ?
darryl kubian 's " o for a muse of fire " is based upon the events surrounding which historical battle ?
evan williams played for what professional football club that was originally known as st. luke 's fc ?
where was the barbadian singer which rihanna was his then girlfriend raised in
what was the name of the first soundtrack album made by the woman who is referred to as the queen of pop ?
in what ecclesiastical province is stephen conway currently part of ?
in the morpeth arms pub in london , there 's a spying room with a view overlooking the headquarters of which organisation ?
the infantry rifle regiment of the british army that talaiasi labalaba served in was first created in what year ?
how many academy awards did the film , in which jimmy bryant provided the singing voice for the character tony , win ?
what program responsible for the health insurance portability and accountability act works with ahccs ?
aughton park railway station is on a branch of the northern line how far from liverpool ?
larry porter was formerly assistant head coach under what american coach that served as head coach at louisiana state university from 2005 to 2016
what was the event where jacob minah had his personal best also known as ?
migene gonzález-wippler is leading expert on a religion that developed among which ethnic group ?
what was the volvo s70 essentially modeled after and was the first all wheel drive volvo ?
who was born first , helen jonas-rosenzweig or amon göth ?
corbin sinclair bryant played for the buffalo bills and what other nfl team that was founded in 1933 , and is the oldest franchise in the afc ?
the 2008 iihf world championship rosters recognized the top defenceman as which canadian professional ice hockey defenceman , who at times has been utilized as a forward , currently playing for the san jose sharks of the national hockey league ( nhl ) ?
literary magazine okyeame was inspired by this first prime minister of ghana whom led ghana to independence from what country ?
what was the nationality of the " lonely hearts killers " ?
black star is the debut fragrance by a singer-songwriter that has sold approximately how many albums worldwide ?
kiskiack is a building that still stands at what york county , virginia naval base ?
both olaf eller and lars eller are involved in which sport ?
meomi design works include the octonauts book series , how did the adaptations of the series continue ?
when was the only long-term psychiatric hospital operated founded in a county in the usa with a population of 9,298 in 2010 ?
what south korean girl group formed by s.m . entertainment recorded the korean language song lion heart ?
which star of the 1986 movie " castaway " was an owner of a panther de ville ?
which space mission did the man , in which the onizuka prop wash award is named after , perish ?
angry dad : the movie was first introduced in what episode of " the simpsons " that was the eighteenth episode of the thirteenth season
in the seventh-largest country in africa , what is the oil prodcution of the city at the mouth of the congo river ?
who was born first , adrian mclaren or ryan mclaren ?
what is the weight limit of the weight class that takeyasu hirono fights in ?
what heritage site , known for a british explorer , is listed seventeen seventy australia ?
used to this was included on the streaming version of the album released in 2017 on what label ?
cooperative living organization is located in a city that is the county seat of what county in florida ?
new york state route 9r rejoins its parent in a hamlet located in what new york county ?
ray roughler jones single-handedly produced the magazine roughler , but what swedish singer-songwriter made contributions to the magazine ?
what american horror film directed by sidney j. furie was based off an alleged haunting which occurred in 1974 at culver city , california ?
who is the american singer-songwriter , who won an award for best female video at the 2009 mtv video music awards , and wrote a song for the 'at & t team usa soundtrack ' ?
in what city is the football club that robin himmelmann is a goalkeeper for based ?
sal de mi piel is a song by the actress who is of what nationality ?
in what mississippi county is the city that is located five miles west of the county seat of said county ?
what is the name of the largest film production company in hong kong that won the " best cinematography " at the 21st asia pacific film festival ?
toni braxton : revealed was performed at a hotel and casino owned and operated by who ?
what type of profession does alexandra david-néel and jack kerouac have in common ?
what institution does 2017 texas tech red raiders baseball team and dan law field at rip griffin park have in common ?
what football league did the person that wilfred bamnjo 's nickname come from play and work at ?
what is the birthdate of this king of italy , claiming thrones of ethiopia and albania and father of princess yolanda of savoy ?
what conference is the team that is head coached by the uncle of scott turner ?
who voices chef mung daal in the american animated television series created by c. h. greenblatt ?
which store in gurney paragon was founded in belgium in 1926 ?
where are schools in the athletic association cardinal hayes high school is part of located ?
which casino closed first the atlantic club casino hotel or trump plaza hotel and casino ?
what company started the urban complex development that included the highrise building , the harmon ?
rumble fish was a novel by the author of the coming-of-age novel published in what year by viking press ?
pablo jose ozuna is the cousin of a dominican professional baseball left fielder who made his mlb debut in what year ?
what apartment complex originally constructed in 1927 is included in manhattan community board 6 ?
what hong kong actor born in 1980 will star in " heart and greed " ?
william davis ticknor , sr. served on the board of a chemical and biotechnology company created in what year ?
cave-in-rock , illinois was a stronghold for serial killer/bandit brothers who operated in which century ?
wwe super tuesday took place at an arena that currently goes by what name ?
which scientist at the university of alabama in huntsville co-developed a satellite temperature record with john christy ?
a talk is an ep by which south korean singer and dancer ?
the dressing point massacre occurred 2 years after which important document was passed in mexican texas ?
what brooklyn-based rapper has worked with both rafeal casal and mos def ?
what manchester united and portuguese national winger scored a goal in the 2009 fa community shield ?
which work of william shakespeare is thought to be a collaborative effort of himself and thomas kyd ?
which houston , tx based store did paul traub participate in the bankruptcy hearing ?
this french comedy directed by philippe de chauveron starred actress julia piaton .
jim jeffcoat is currently an assistant football coach in a university that was founded how many month before colorado was admitted to the union ?
what was the name of the bear promoted to corporal in the polish army , and celebrated by an ongoing fundraising trust based in scotland ?
what park replaced american 's first waterpark designed by the creator of seaworld ?
where is the host of the american survival skills reality show , the island , originally from ?
where does tiko 's spanish football club hold home games at ?
what award was won by the director who directed the eighth musical by the team of richard rodgers and oscar hammerstein ii ?
bandit was built in 1988 by which japanese amusement ride company that built roller coasters , giant wheels , carousels , flumes , dark rides , sky cycles and other amusement rides ?
what is the name of a member of the north melbourne football club , whose brother rob has starred in bridgetowns cricket clubs premiership in 2016/7 ?
for which team does mads bødker player that is controlled by danmarks ishockey union ?
the castle where " spook squad " was filmed is in what part of scotland ?
this कसबा पेठ विधानसभा मतदारसंघ is an example of a language that ranks what in the number of native speakers in india ?
which indigenous people of the ryukyu islands were massacred in the mudan incident of 1871 ?
which english crime writer wrote the 2005 psychological thriller " the devil 's feather " ?
walter giffen is from a suburb of which south australian city ?
in which city was this band formed , whose rhythm guitarist featured in " cupid 's chokehold ? "
where was the capital of the arab country , in which the aulacodes peribocalis moth is found , relocated to ?
was suzanne chun oakland a member of the upper of lower chamber of the hawaii state legislature ?
the actress that plays julia mcnamara in the series " nip/tuck " also appears with laurence fishburne in a 1997 horror film directed by who ?
trautmann is an upcoming british-german biographical film , starring german actor david kross as a german footballer who played in which position ?
how did pre 's trail 's namesake die ?
what is the first name of the mother of the artist who interpreted karla bonoff 's tell me why ?
what nickelodeon movie stars the actress and youtuber who appeared alongside jon voight in the 2016 film american wrestler : the wizard ?
what did mustafa kemal atatürk 's residence become once it became atatürk museum mansion ?
afonwen is situated just under four miles from what road also known as the north wales expressway
turner field was originally built as what 85,000 seat main stadium of the 1996 summer olympic games and the 1996 summer paralympic games in atlanta ?
ou812 was the second album to feature a vocalist that also played what instrument in " finish what ya started " ?
which combat technique also known as wushu sanda , is the character of wu jing trained with in the 2006 hong kong martial arts film , written , produced and directed by dennis law .
who aided the colorado forces in the uruguayan war ?
what is the year of the event that occured first , skeeter stopped teaching at his alma mater , or emmett kelly died ?
which pga championship did mark brooks win ?
what is the nickname of a professional german footballer as well as the name of a children 's book ?
what european championship did the man that holds a record with john boulger win twice ?
willsmere was a railway station located in which inner suburb from melbourne australia ?
what was the name of the founder and president of the company which produced the role playing game ftl:2448 ?
where did the discovery channel show franchise that ben bailey is an executive producer on originate from ?
where does the region where jews supported by kolel chibas jerusalem are from get its name ?
little big girl was a simpsons episode directed by the animator and artist of what nationality ?
what genre is the novel from which the fast-food restaurant specializing in seafood derives its name ?
hobart paving is a single by a band formed in which year ?
what is the birthdate of this norwegian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder and who broke the record for the youngest player that has ever played in the norwegian top league ?
what was the concept of the business eric s .pistorius worked for after being an attorney ?
mehdi hashemi was thought to be guilty of opposition to the iranian regime 's dealings during what president 's administration ?
how does this series represent a function , which is also used in the homotopy analysis method ?
arizona state route 51 ( sr 51 ) is named after a native american woman belonging to what tribe ?
approximately what percent male is the student body of the university for which the ouachita baptist tigers football program is the intercollegiate american football team ?
in what city does a christian minister who won the singles title with jan kodes in the 1970 french open currently reside ?
what country of origin does traveling wilburys and tom petty have in common ?
come from the heart : was first recorded by an artist that sang what genre of music ?
lesley foxcroft worked with mdf , card , and which material that is produced by pressing together moist fibres ?
when is the american politician and attorney which thomas j. connolly an for governor of maine in 1998 against born
heinrich marschner was a composer who performed in the time frame after one of the first significant composers in what school of work ?
what song from the fourth studio album made by the who reached no.4 on the uk charts and no . 19 o nthe u.s. " billboard " hot 100 ?
julien kang is the younger brother of the mixed martial artist of what nationality ?
the stone book series is set in what country ?
what is the name of the statue whose replica have been created in many landmarks world-wide such as near pont de grenelle in paris ?
in what year was the sayrevill , new jersey rock band that frankie larocka played drums for formed ?
what american indie rock group first had jesse sandoval as the drummer and now has jon sortland on drums ?
kenneth l. gile is the chief operating officer of an airline with its head office in what airport ?
which industrialist established a museum in heckscher park that features " first friday " concerts ?
mr. & mrs. mxyzptlk is an episode of the superhero tv series that originally aired on what network ?
which actor starred in angels in the outfield , predator 2 , and places in the heart ?
who is younger , martin luther king iii or his brother dexter ?
which team was older when it had it 's worst season , the cleveland browns or the detroit lions
what area once connected great britain to continental europe , and is thought to have been submerged around 6,200 bce by a massive landslide along 290 km of the continental shelf ?
the welsh professional footballer dan hanford has association with which club that is based in clitheroe , lancashire ?
davey brozowski is a percussionist for a band that formed in what city in washington ?
when did the baseball draft with which alex lange was the 30th pick began ?
who starred in her final film role in the 1964 film directed by the man who also did vera cruz and kiss me deadly ?
kristine moore gebbie is a professor at a university founded in what year ?
what was the air date of " the simpsons " episode written by matt selman which parodied the vh1 series " behind the music " ?
hamilton wanderers afc has a former player that is vice captain for what team ?
the fibt world championships 1960 took place in a town located in which part of italy ?
fallen in love was based on the paranormal romance series published under what press company ?
when was the anthology , in which fisrt pages of the incal " were released , created ?
which player signed to bayern munich before the 2012-2013 season was known mostly as a central defender ?
a series of ministerial meetings and agreements between european countries and includes the swedish higher education system is called what ?
in the passion of the christ , who did monica bellucci play ?
in what year was shin hyun-joon in the successful south korean comey sequel ?
where is the headquarters for the advertising agency which is recognized for its work on a campaign for the founder of " complex " magazine ?
what is the county seat of the county in which keokuk falls , oklahoma is loated ?
bullewijk metro station is part of a mixed rapid transit and light rail system that is how many km long ?
ss ionic was built by the industrial company based in what city ?
which physicist known for his work on parity violation has a son who became an american chemist teaching at cornell university ?
who starred in the english-language danish experimental horror film which lars von triers received award for
how often do trains run on the system which has a terminal station located at the intersection of 32nd street and sixth avenue in the herald square neighborhood of manhattan , new york city ?
name the 500 year-old-republic that florentius was a praetorian prefect for .
church of all saints , doddinghurst is part of the state church led by which person ?
both hatter and march hare are characters in which book ?
when jeris pendleton was first drafted out of college , what was the name of the field that him and his teammates played their home games on ?
what are the letters of the radio station serves the area comprising all of belknap county , among others ?
in what country is sul america esporte clube in ?
who plays in both the true adventures of wolfboy and " the knick " ?
the king of hollywood starred in what 1932 american pre-code dram film ?
which actor in the film equus is also in the film the informers ?
dan balan co-wrote the song from what t.i . album ?
who is younger kirk humphreys or tom coburn ?
how many film were there in the series of comedy films for which peter rogers is best known ?
which was formed first , the duo big & rich or lonestar ?
who was attempting to regain the british throne until the raids on lachaber and shiramore shut down his operations ?
what congressional district featured republican nomiee willie vaden in 2004 , 2006 , and 2008 ?
what notable radio personality was born in north bend , oregon ?
what 's the familiar short name of polyethylene terephthalate , a material used by bottle makers such as ecopack of pakistan ?
what is the nickname of stephan lichtsteiner that refers to the character from the 1994 american comedy-drama film based on the novel by winston groom ?
during the carnival in rio de janeiro who is the official singer of the samba school mangueira ?
what town 's geographic feature is the battle james swan was twice wounded at named for ?
how many novels are there in series of novels which were adapted for a 2015 bbc tv series in which ruby bentall plays a character called verity ?
the arena in which the adelaide adrenaline play is also home to the world 's first what ?
the 2008 football league championship play-off final was won by hull city after a 38th minute goal from a striker who currently plays for who ?
an english operatic tenor performed " walking in the air " for which 1982 animated film ?
how is christopher buckley related to the founder of " national review " magazine ?
what was the name of the danish musician who died in 1931 and who composed string quartet no . 4 in f major or quartet for two violins , viola and cello in f major , opus 44 ?
dream street is narrated by an english musician , comedian , and actor who first came to public notice with what british comedy showband ?
what film genre involves humor and love , as seen in mamma mia : here we go again ! ?
what country is the singer from , who duets with dave hemingway on the song " a little time " ?
at which level of french football does the football team named after the manager of france national team play ?
brindisi , the city where louis-jean-nicolas lejoille died , is located in what country ?
what is the inspirational source behind the name of this studio album by the british rock band queen released by emi records that was included in the the crown jewels ?
what kind of ideology is torment 's drummer involved with ?
zacarías ferreira is the uncle of a professional basketball player who played college basketball for who ?
which two teams did the the head coach of the 2007 san diego state aztecs play for professionally ?
who won miss america 2013 , which was the 86th miss america pageant held at the ph live in las vegas ?
who is the mother of mary , crown princess of denmark 's husband ?
in what type of imprisonment where the inmates arne berge helped rescue during operation white buses ?
what is the other occupation of this indian film actress who appeared in " hate story 2 " ( 2014 ) and " saadi love story ? "
kalle mäkinen is nicknamed after a spanish football that captains what two teams ?
on what street would one find the " journal record building " in oklahoma ?
in which branch of the u.s. military did the man who robert conrad portrayed in the television series " baa baa black sheep " serve ?
which state in southern africa , whose capital is located in salisbury , hosted the currie cup in which john david mcphun played ?
the technique 'panenka ' was first used by a player of what nationality against " die katze von anzing " ?
what big-budget epic film was released the same year as the film that focuses on a series of sudden , unexplained violent bird attacks ?
what city , located in lincoln county , montana , united states , is vegepet based in ?
which team featured in both the 2012 and 2011 cops del rey finals ?
what was the name of the lead character in the 1960s sitcom " get smart " , which also featured an american actress born in 1933 ?
what regular performer at the r-26 club in paris was known for her banana-themed costume ?
estrojam 's decibelle music and culture festival has been headlined by which american singer-songwriter and model ?
where was the 2006 commonwealth games that mmoloki nogeng won a bronze medal at held ?
which rapper who worked with a star of the film 8 mile also worked with the artist who played keyboards and wrote songs for anita baker ? ?
which game showed has reruns on teletoon in canada and was shown between midnight and 6:00 on cartoon network too ?
what is the name of the place in the chronicles of narnia where lucy pevensie and mr. tumnus meet ?
who is younger jenny bae or lionel richie ?
how much longer after sambou yatabaré was born did werder bremen get founded in the northwest german federal state free hanseatic city of bremen ?
who costarred in 1935 american drama film les misérables with the husband of elsa lanchester ?
elizabeth wordsworth 's father was bishop in what church ?
the title track of carla bruni discography was used in a film directed by james ivory , and was also used in what other film ?
where was the community schools to which franklin community high school was part of headquartered ?
which canadian artist is credited with first coming up with the title of various positions ?
rynella is an unincorporated community named after the daughters of a conservationist who presided of the maker of a brand of hot sauce made from vinegar , salt and what kind of peppers ?
what film , based on the book “ boston strong ” , featured the actress alex mckenna ?
who is the author of the series in which rupert grint plays one of the three main characters ?
here i am again is an album by what american country singer who had a career of almost 60 years
who was the director of the 2007 american action film starring the actress , professionally known as maggie q. ?
who wrote the novel that the movie directed by stanley kubrick that was sampled in the album " where blood and fire bring rest " was based on ?
which of the two airlines that operate flights into enrique malek international airport is the larger air carrier in panama ?
of the two sopranos co-stars who starred in a 2009 american thriller film together , which went on to secure the role as tony soprano ?
the author of " the new american story " served three terms as a us senator from what state ?
when did the war crime against communists that occurred before ganghwa massacre happened ?
what term is the current chairman of prince william county serving ?
connetquot high school is a public high school in what city in new york ?
bally 's & paris station is on the monorail that is of what length ?
the album on which " desperado " appeared released on what date ?
pirates plunge , at the grace o'malley-inspired pirates adventure park in westport , holds which notable record ?
creed features the boxer who held what wbc title from 2016 to 2017 ?
what swedish songwriter worked with taylor swift ?
what actress is known for a starring role in robert bresson 's " pickpocket " and has also been directed by just jaeckin , a former photographer ?
which nuclear reservation in the united states did the u.s. atomic energy commission acquired meyers mill as part of
who was the gunman of the hostage crisis which chris reason was awarded the graham perkin australian journalist of the year award for his coverage of ?
what band wrote the song " blue letter " and was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1998 ?
what is the nationality of the man who finished third in the 2016 pau grand prix ?
the last film that kim hyun-seok wrote was in 2015 , what day was it released ?
what is the seventh book of the hebrew and christina bible and also has quran references to the river drinking experience ?
the subject of mcginniss ' 1983 book " fatal vision " was convicted of murder in what year ?
which of the songs that outperformed " drive " was most successful in the united states ?
alexis argüello mentored román gonzález , who became first boxer to do what ?
what editor of the the dungeons & dragons basic set is best known for his work at tsr , inc. ?
who founded the canadian manufacturer of winter clothing which is a major sponsor of polar bears international ?
eddie jemison had a role in the television series " izombie " , which premiered on what date ?
clifford odets was seen as a successor to a nobel prize winner known as what ?
what year was the early consumer co-operative , in which a 2012 british biographical feature film tells the story of , formed ?
whose former city palace did erna flegel work at ?
which company used a voice actor who also voiced he-man ?
futbolita has interviewed what spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for new york city fc ?
the album that contains the song " get together " by madonna was mainly recorded in whose home studio ?
this team which is moving from oakland , california to las vegas nevada with share its stadium with what college ?
san francisco national cemetery is located at a park that is part of what national recreation area ?
marco de la o stars in the title role of el chapo which premiered on which network in april 2017 ?
what was the home city of the author of the famous novel tracing the life of a male roe deer from his birth onward ?
wincenty gostkowski was a lawyer for the watch manufacturer patek philippe & co. in which city in switzerland ?
when was american stunt performer which stunt cycle attempted to cash in with born
avn media network has as part of their business what convention and trade show that takes place every january in las vegas nevada ?
what band in the " art wave " scene is based in glasgow ?
the declaration of montreal was the founding document of which world event , lasting from july 26-august 5 , 2006 ?
pashto is the main language among a diaspora that has it 's largest community in which country ?
what is the birthdate of this american actor , director , and producer , who starred in not another b movie ?
what cbs-affiliated station serves pontotoc county , oklahoma ?
what british publisher published a dystopian novel in 1949 written by an english author ?
the lewis and clark memorial column is dedicated to meriwether lewis , best known for his role as the leader of which lewis and clark expedition ?
what singer who was the seventh place finalist on the 7th season of american idol first recorded the song like my mother does
at what height does state route 160 start ?
what species has an extinct subspecies that are classified as trogloxene and are known from fossils and prehistoric art ?
which actor/actress from overnight delivery was born in new orleans ?
which american singer and songwriter born in 1983 formed the band pistol annies with ashley monroe and a third band member ?
bridgewater triangle is an area where the phenomenon associated with what type of tradition has been seen ?
who created the first rule of chemistry ?
who founded o magazine that contained elissa schappell 's second book of fiction ?
in what regions of the united states is the eastern market , detroit located ?
what electronic attack squadron is permanently stationed on two pieces of land near oak harbor ?
which voice actor plays the voice of the cartoon character that is most famous for his semi-intelligible speech and his mischievous and temperamental personality ?
prominent danish tibetologist per kjeld sørensen is a professor of central asian studies at leipzig university that was founded by who ?
the university in pullman , washington is named after whom ?
who was the another star in the television series ma boy who worked with the south korean actress who began her career as a child actress in 2006 and initially gained public attention for " moon embracing the sun " ( 2012 ) ?
the ng postcode area is situated approximately how many miles from gamston , rushcliffe ?
which poet is famous for " a shropshire lad " and is depicted in the play " the invention of love " ?
which actor appeared in the films " just my luck " and " into the woods " ?
mike welch attended high school that serves how many students ?
which british racing driver has raced for 7 different teams and won the european grand prix in 1999 ?
what channels was the cartoon that nicholas boshier developed with anthony macfarlane and jarod green broadcast on ?
which adpotive brothers were co-emperors of rome during the nerva-antonine dynasty ?
a 1946 musical comedy starred a british actor who lived in what country throughout his adult life ?
what movie was directed by harold ramis and stars bill murray ?
in what year was the writer of " the bet " born ?
george molnar was born in a constitutional union of the austrian empire and the kingdom of hungary that existed from 1867 until when ?
ruth vollmer begins work designing window displays for which american luxury jewelry and specialty retailer , headquartered in new york city
how far from buenos aires is the birthplace of ezequiel lazaro ?
the austrian border barriers at facilities like south tyrol was designed to designed to manage what ?
what was the 54th edition the 2009 uefa champions league final , europe 's premier club football tournament , played ?
blackamoor , lancashire lies near the banks of what river ?
the author of some other rainbow was born on what day and year ?
who is current vice captain of the english test team , jamie atkinson or ben stokes ?
where did the punter for the dallas cowboys in the 1980s play college football ?
what classical music written by a russian composer did sia heavily sample ?
charlie rowe plays billy costa in a film based on what novel ?
what record company does distribution for joan marie larkin and kenny laguna ?
which career path did african-american activist bertha gilkey pursue in st. louis , missouri ?
is driss lachgar 's birthplace the largest or the second largest city in morocco ?
what is 3/4 of the budget of the agency who placed ect machines in the class iii category coming from ?
where did the designer of the van de graaff generator teach at ?
what distinction did variety give in 2014 to one of the stars from the film aztec warrior ?
what generation is the bmw series , that is optional on the xdrive that begun in 2005 , on ?
what team was horace grant 's twin brother traded to after the 1992–93 washington bullets season ?
what prominent soviet director worked frequently with composer isaak dunayevsky ?
the company that created a keychain rfdi device created to allow electronic payment at mcdonald 's and 400 other chicago area restaurants is headquartered in what city and state ?
who is the mexican actor that starred in sex and breakfast ?
the 1958 pro bowl was played at the california stadium that is the home for which college ?
menindee lakes are located near a town located on the banks of which river ?
what song featured on the beatles ' album " please please me " was covered by tiffany ?
what is the organized crime syndicate founded and led by carlos alberto rosales mendoza who is friends with osiel cárdenas guillén ?
patrol squadron four ( vp-4 ) is a u.s. navy land-based patrol squadron based at a naval station formerly known as what ?
in the cherokee rose episode of " the walking dead , " the character that continues to search for sophia peletier is portrayed by an actor who is also famous for his work in what company 's advertisements ?
the pseudonymous partner to " willis the guard " in the american musical duo of jerry buckner and gary garcia is noun which refers to which portion of a bet ?
the 1966 football league cup final was contested with which team that is based in the west midlands ?
many right wing wnp were connected to a clandestine operation ran by a " stay-behind " operation ran by what organization ?
what king took away john erskine , earl of mar 's office ?
party of syrian unity was established in the wake of a public statement that announced what ?
how many years did the creator of the the jackie thomas show star in a a comedy named after herself ?
procter & gamble co. was founded by a british-born american candlemaker who died in what year ?
what group of languages is the surname gref , meaning " grave , " taken from ?
what is the population of the city which deryl dedmon came from
mike huckabee took part in the most recent republican presidential primaries , which began on what 2016 date ?
giuseppina tuissi played a role in the execution of a national fasict party leader , as well as what female associated with the leader ?
what was the estimated population of the city that luis villalta aquino was from in 2012 ?
å is part of the alphbet used in which group of upper german dialects ?
what song was number 4 on the charts when a song from futuresex/lovesounds was number 1 ?
the 249th episode of " the simpsons " was aired on what date ?
john alexander and trent alexander-arnold are professional footballers from which country ?
where was the band who released feeding the wolves formed ?
where was the nba draft held in which harrison bryce jordan barnes was selected by the golden state warriors in the first round of the draft with the seventh overall pick ?
what was the 2010 population of the town where bennett hill farm is located ?
what profeesion do giacomo benvenuti and claudio monteverdi share ?
which eight-time academy award nominee was tennessee williams 's choice to play a leading role in his play " clothes for a summer hotel " ?
in the epic of gilgamesh , where did the wise female divinity associated with fermentation live ?
li yitong played huang rong is a tv series directed by who ?
when was one of the teacher of nikolai lugansky died who was a russian soviet pianist , composer ?
what is the birth name of the disc jockey that notably used mark wirtz 's song " a touch of velvet , a sting of brass " on their radio caroline show ?
where do the team that john grant joined after the 1972 world cup now play their games ?
owney was a stray terrier adopted as the first unofficial postal mascot by a post office that is roughly how many miles north of new york city ?
the shōgitai were an elite corps of which shogunate ?
what major city is john bice memorial oval located within ?
george borba was part of the team that competed at what 1970 championship ?
after joining saturday night live in 2012 , cecily strong played which character in the sketch " what up with that " ?
qazi is a kashmiri singer that won " fame gurukul " along with a singer born where ?
who was responsible for the soviet–albanian split ?
the m1919 and the m1 was used by what military ?
woodland is a census-designated place in a town that had this population as of the 2010 census ?
when was the album released that the red tour supported ?
in what state is the university where boria sax is a lecturer and teacher located ?
which direction do both the m1 and the m6 motorways travel ?
what country is both thornton–cleveleys railway station and poulton-le-fylde railway station located ?
which of the steering committee was an american broadcast journalist , best known as anchorman for the " cbs evening news " for 19 years ?
which organization has been led by the overseer of the renewable heat incentive scandal since 2003 ?
hotel splendide is a british film from 2000 that features which james bond actor ?
who served as the 1st vice president of colombia under el libertador ?
loughborough students ' union serves the students at what public research university that has been a university since 1966 , but the institution dates back to 1909 ?
myron f. diduryk 's exploits were described in a book by an author holding what military rank ?
which cnn journalist and two-time pulitzer winner inspired the half the sky movement ?
who was born first dame zara kate bate or harold edward holt ?
what is the surname of the recorder of " jupiter ( swallow the moon ) "
what was the release year of the song which , according to peter viney , appeared on most subsequent live album and compilations ?
what region has the indigenous language that includes the word catuaba ?
ira nadel wrote the biography of which historical fiction author ?
who was the older brother of the leader who asked juan romero de figueroa to remain at his parish ?
fred mace played for which english football club in 1919 ?
who was the chief executive officer of the second largest us car rental company by sales ?
in what part of england is john folwes ' country house located ?
what component was included on the ipad4 that is now a registered trademark in jamaica ?
elle royal 's video " what can i say " went viral after she was featured as “ female artist of the week ” by a video blog founded in what year ?
what side-scrolling platform game had christian whitehead as project lead ?
what city did the name come from for the polish truck manufacturer who sold to various countries , including more than the socialist states of central and eastern europe ?
what are the subdivisions of neringa municipality called in english ?
what labor member of the house of representatives in the australian parliament was a member of the australian labor party australian young labor ?
the company that created the data universal numbering system has a database that contains how many business records ?
who used a barrack buster to shoot down a british army lynx helicopter
which american chain of bakery-café fast casual restaurants sponsored bill steers men 's 4-miler
what is the name of the english poet who wrote a poem titled don juan and also served as the real-life model of a character in the novel glenarvon ?
high school confidential , an eight part documentary followed twelve high school teenagers from a high school in overland park , kansas that ranked what in the 2009 newsweek ranking of the top 1,500 high schools in the united states ?
what landmark event did bill miner achieve at silverdale , british columbia , coining the phrase " hands up ! " in doing so ?
after russell d. moore served at the southern baptist theological seminary he became the president of the ethics & religious liberty commission ( erlc ) in what year ?
of which painting was this german dancer , actress , and writer who lived during the weimar period and appeared in the 1918 german silent drama film " the story of dida ibsen " the subject ?
what is the second book by the author that won the booker prize in 1997 ?
what series did tom mandrake collaborate on that was based on a fictional superhero ?
the very best of ugly kid joe : as ugly as it gets includes a cover of which black sabbath song from their 1970 debut ?
pandora- the world of avatar includes a ride that allows guest to take flight on what animal ?
in the 1962 german grand prix , a racer came second . what did this racer found ?
what game was a philadelphia native , who played college basketball at the university of north carolina , selected for ?
what organization is known for having a president who was convicted of felony charges that was harbored by his brother , another high ranking member ?
which artist has worked with king crimson and also released a solo album in 2011 ?
season of migration to the north is a counter narrative to a novella by what polish-british novelist ?
what of nico van der meel 's operatic roles was starring in a libretto based loosely on the eight paintings and engravings " a rake 's progress " ?
what country of origin does dana ivey and two weeks notice have in common ?
the seventh largest inhabited island in hawaii has what remote wild beach ?
john robert marks iii , the former mayor of tallahassee , florida was succeeded by an american politician who ecame the youngest person ever elected to what ?
which hong kong actor born on 19 august 1946 starred in the sentimental swordsman
which technique did the director at pzena investment management outline ?
sudha kheterpal who is musician best know as the percussionist in faithless has played with what singer who is recognized at the highest-selling australian artist of all time by the australian recording industry association ?
which one of the long island herald newspaper chain serves a village in nassau county , new york with a population of 6,483 ?
who is the older brother of the king that was overthrown in the henriad ?
the work of the last poets and gil scott heron inspired music that fits under what larger sub-genre ?
what actor starred with virginia katherine mcmath in star of midnight ?
q : the 7.92×57mm mauser rifle cartridge was used by which country 's military in the 20th century ?
the 19 high-rise commercial buildings covering 22 acres between 48th and 51st streets in new york city feature which style of architecture ?
celebrity fifteen to one has had more than one appearance by an english writer and former conservative member of what ?
what was the name of the soap opera that thomas ormson played david platt and adam rickitt plated nick tilsley ?
which of the four us presidents who have been assinated was shot on the grounds of the pan-american exposition at the temple of music in buffalo , new york ?
what type of mansion was built for the founder of the company marketed the oil engine under the " hornsby-akroyd " name ?
what is the company that currently recognizes the sprinting records set by leni junker and florence griffith-joyner ?
the historical nimavar school in the nimavar bazaar , or bazar , is located in which country ?
what was mike coffman 's title after being replaced as secretary of state by bernie buescher ?
who acquired a luxury hotel and casino in las vegas ?
what song included on the 59th edition of now that 's what i call music was written and recorded by an australian recording artist ?
worldview entertainment is an american independent motion picture company that produced a 2015 mystery thriller film based on a novel by who ?
that is the nationality of the author who wrote books that featured the character faline ?
in 1943 designer robert lutyens joined to board of a company headquartered in what city ?
brett mcclure competed in the pommel horse event at the 2001 goodwill games in what australian province ?
sam quartin starred in which movie , alongside a controversial singer whose stage name combines the names of marilyn monroe and charles manson ?
which identifier : transwomen , cis women , or genderqueer , is a combination of masculinity and femininity or neither in gender expression ?
who was an important leader of the democratic-republican party ?
q : what 1965-born field director directed the 2002 indian comedy horror film " makdee " ( " spider " , in english ) ?
nostie lies a short distance from one of scotland 's popular tourist attractions a small tidal island dominated by a picturesque castle that frequently apperas in what ?
what magazine was started in 1925 and features the work of barry werth ?
who was the team president of the 2012 cleveland browns ?
this 2016 biographical sports comedy-drama film stars taron egerton as a skier who finished last in what events ?
who created the british television series to which tofu was a sister series focusing on a range of sex attitudes in the twenty-first century from the viewpoint of everyday people ?
the minnesota state high school mathematics league was founded by a professor at a private coeducational liberal arts college founded in what year ?
mastophora dizzydeani is a species of spider named after baseball player jerome herman dean who goes by what nickname ?
what type of media does locked on and tom clancy have in common ?
in 1736 , a fortified complex was built in the heart of moscow . what is this complex known as ?
what instrument of war was only used by the president of the united states who was born in lamar , missouri ?
where did cale gundy 's brother play football in college ?
new hampshire route 118 runs through a region whose norther boundary begins at which town ?
what film is a sequel to a german romantic fantasy film featuring bruno ganz and solveig dommartin ?
in which division does this team , for which kyle skipworth played a catcher , compete ?
which player played for nova southeastern sharks , milwaukee brewers and houston astros ?
which scottish playwright wrote the poem " havisham " ?
between the riddlers revenge and the green lantern , which stand-up roller coaster stands tallest ?
i am ... yours was the first residency show by beyonce held at what hotel in las vegas connected to wynn
" quando m'en vo ' " is a soprano from an opera composed by who ?
an american pharmacist was inspired to invent cola due to what recipe from angelo mariani ?
the innviertel is a traditional austrian region southeast of a river that is how many km long ?
what was the name of the company that produced the first practical jet aircraft that first flew on 27 august 1939 ?
what friend of a performance artist and professional wrestler has performed in the role of tony clifton ?
the film series created by the team up of robert rodriguez and ethan maniquis created it lead character from a character in what other films series ?
the chinese actress also known as crystal liu stars in night peacock with which three other actresses ?
allison gross is a character in a story which applies what writing technique that introduces characters in threes ?
where was the founder of the trussed concrete steel company raised ?
my first mister co-stars an actor who was best known for his role as what character on the tv series roseanne ?
how many households does the network that di-gata defenders plays on in south africa reach ?
what product by flexcon represents data by geometric patterns ?
in what event was harold davis a former record holder , but now is held by usain bolt ?
when was the company that owns bonifacio high street founded ?
what actor from northern ireland born in 1983 starred in whole lotta sole ?
the comedy play written by shakespeare titled twelfth night is also know by what name ?
what cantonese slang term can mean both " ghost man " and to refer to westerners ?
what type of music features geetam , created by a devotee of lord krishna ?
what type of media do peter filkins and the new criterion have in common ?
the organization that nicolae titulescu served two terms as president was founded on what date ?
what was the population during the 2000 census of the town in sagadahoc county , maine that had a population of 3,411 during the 2010 census ?
notable works of bailee madison includes a 2011 american romantic comedy film that was directed by dennis dugan , and written by allan loeb and who ?
name five actors that worked with a german cinematographer ?
kurt fuller from stockton , ca appeared in which american detective comedy drama television series created by steve franks ?
how many members does the lower house of the state legislature in which samuel leavitt served have ?
in which county was the english rock band formed that released the box set of four studio albums " genesis 1983–1998 " ?
montgomery ward building is in the shopping and dining mall that was conceived in what year ?
what river runs along the neighborhood where ashley estes kavanaugh 's wedding was held ?
la machine a ecirire was written by what french writer , designer , playright , artist , and filmmaker , who is known for his novel , " les enfants terribles " ?
after patrick mercer 's suspension in april 2014 , who won the seat for newark ?
if the charhki dadri crash was less dangerous than the tenerife airport disaster , which occured firat ?
what type of diary did one of the founders of the john bishop memorial hospital in srinagar write ?
what is the home town of a woman who guest-starred on thug mentality 1999 ?
what vehicle , made by urovesa , is most like the four-wheel drive military light truck produced by am general ?
where was the rapper in 13 dead men from ?
the tanjong pagar centre replaced which tower finished in 1986 as the tallest building in singapore ?
who left the south korean music group " 2pm " before the release of the group 's dvd called " take off " ?
thomas anthony jankiewicz was best known for penning a film staring an actress who played fiona bowa on what nbc sitcom ?
what is the name of the range of characteristics pertaining to , and differentiating between , masculinity and femininity which mary karooro okurut was appointed to in 2012 as minister of ?
what was the fort renamed in which the english abandoned to move to a fort located atop state street hill ?
the head football coach at the university of houston from 2007 to 2011 , is the current team coach of which football team ?
when will the exhibition basketball game which will hold at the staples center in los angeles , california be played
the ronkonkama railroad station and the town of islip , new york are near ?
which dialect spoken in the province of scania calls spettekaka , " spiddekaga " ?
james garner had a role in the 2004 romantic drama directed by whom ?
john stark regional high school serves the community in which new hampshire county ?
where was the builder of the hyundai stellar located ?
what is the latin phrase that describes pope julius ii 's efforts to remove pope alexander vi 's name from the records ?
when was one of the science fiction survival horror video game released for who 's title frictional games ab was famous for ?
deyemi okanlawon was in a music viideo by a nigerian rapper who began his career with what group ?
david lightfoot worked on what film loosely based on the murders of tourists by ivan milat in the 1990 's ?
what album was released by 1948-born french composer in 1998 ?
the look of love " is a popular song which appeared in the 1967 spoof james bond film " casino royale " , a film based on the novel of the same name by which author ?
who was the last king of the shahiya ?
a hand is on the gate marked the broadway directorial debut of what american actor who resisted playing stereotypically black roles ?
paul ziert recruited what two time gold medalist in gymnastics ?
erik marcisak was named one of top ten " comedy best bets " by a brand with special focus on what ?
what was the first year a scientific journal published by an organization located in the bronx was published ?
wlmw is licensed to a city in which county ?
in which county is this site located where operation buster–jangle was conducted ?
who animated the tv anime adaptation of dies irae ?
the city in which the disney resort & spa , aulani is located in , is colloquially known as what ?
in which state was both rex gene foods and foodtown located in ?
what continents are the moneuptychia found in ?
when did gemma ortega 's holocaust novel translation first receive best selling book of the year in spain ?
who is the chief executive officer of the corporation that owns space dev ?
baadshah is an indian action comedy film that was inspired by what hong kong action movie starring jackie chan and richard norton ?
ai-ling lee is a singaporean sound editor who worked on a biographical survival drama film directed by who ?
grown-ups starred the actor who was best known for which role on " 'allo 'allo ! " ?
hermann wilhelm göring was a veteran fighter pilot in a war that ended in what year ?
who is the father of the king that defeated the the forces of olaf and constantine
in which year was this historic diner in albany , new york built , which also was a filming location for major portions of ironweed ?
in whose government did the original owner of heythrop park come to prominence ?
who was one of the first religious sceptics ’ best disciple ?
the boxer that defeated oliver lavigilante in the 2012 summer olympics is of what nationality ?
what other method of extending an ice hockey game exists other than the one used in the 1932 allan cup ?
who directed the animated series which featured an american comedy writer as the voice of lucy ?
what is one of the most successful retro-clones that is no longer supported by wizards of the coast ?
the player also known as " o fenômeno " is responsible for popularized a soccer move first reported to be used by what player ?
the constituency which is represented by the 2015 elected minister for universities and science is represented in what wing of the uk parliament ?
in what year was the commander of the second human spaceflight mission in the united states apollo space program born ?
ekaterina alexeyevna davydova skated with which 2006 olympic champion , two-time world champion , three-time grand prix final champion , and three-time european champion ?
the pluralist school is said to have included what creator of the theory of atomism ?
which bay in the irish sea is located wales 's first offshore wind farm ?
wrinkles is a song that was recorded by what american country and christian country band that was founded in 1982 ?
which former " home and away " actor stars in the film " office uprising " ?
who was the writer of the graphic novel upon which the 2003 american superhero film , directed by bryan singer , is based ?
what movie did john gavin malkovich play in with matt damon and edward norton ?
which king of northumbria , who possibly became king while a still a child , attempted to have eardwulf of northumbria assassinated ?
when was the american singer , songwriter , actress and lgbt rights activist born who won grammy and emmy award ?
an nfl color rush uniform and a third jersey are both considered what type of uniform in the nfl ?
who was the fourth son of the lord of the seventeen provinces of the netherlands in 1555 ?
live wire radio will possibly be considered as a replacement for a variety show created in what year ?
which team based in south wales participated in a final game of 1980 welsh cup final ?
stoke extinguisher is what type of musical recording that contains more tracks than a single , but is usually unqualified as an album or lp ?
which is the birthplace of sir isaac newton and has a neighboring village called belvor ?
by what type of music was this english composer who collaborated with ella mary leather on " twelve traditional carols from herefordshire " influenced strongly ?
alison castle is the editor of what publication with a connection to the beatles ?
who stars in the title role of a netflix show co-created by robert carlock ?
tsavo man-eaters were found at what kenyan reserve ?
what english professional football club , won the 1994 european cup ? arsenal
what nobel laureate teaches at chapman university ?
what kind of company is this group whose headquarters are in aia central ?
which other film did one of the supporting cast in " sleepless in seattle " appear ?
when did senator ted kennedy helped dedicate a new room at the location to his maternal grandfather , john f. fitzgerald .
who made the if/then musical which has a theatrical score by a man who won the tony award and 2008 outer critics circle award ?
the church at hoxne was dedicated to edmund the martyr who was the king of where ?
where was the device that is similar to princess max released ?
chuck berry house was where the 1957 hit single that reached what ranking on the r & b singles chart was composed ?
finna get loose is a song by puff daddy and what american rapper who is also a record and film producer ?
tolex and general tire manufacture very different products , but both make accessories for what type of transportation vehicle ?
a big daddy is a fictional character in a series that has sold more than how many copies ?
what private university in virginia did jamal benjamin brooks play college football at ?
who wrote the lyrics to the theme song that was used by the western film series range busters ?
what multinational telecommunications company did robert orr work for ?
who was a christian evangelist and us prisoner of war survivor that was the basis for a film directed by angelina jolie ?
politician lyman sherwood was born in what new york county ?
what country is the theme park served by the huis ten bosch train service themed on ?
what time did a fox news show formally hosted by the author of " the swamp : washington 's murky pool of corruption and cronyism and how trump can drain it " air ?
if you ever get lonely was covered by what lyric street records-affiliated band ?
what coastal resort is about 11 miles south-east of st wilfrid 's church ?
prince michael of prussia was a member of the house that arose in what town in the 11th century ?
where did the genre of the chapter dos : on the verge album originate ?
what regional capital town is close to the all female notre dame high school in fiapre ?
dick miller acted in which movie alongside actor arnold schwarzenegger ?
which debut album contained a 1999 mega-hit song created by maurizio lobina and jeffrey jey ?
when was the college which albert simons taught at founded ?
the compilation ep " com lag " by radiohead collects many b-side singles from their album released in the uk by what record company ?
who is known for composing american beauty : original motion picture score and many other film scores ?
what singer-songwriter from derry appeared on paul van dyk 's 2012 album , evolution ?
francisco mela performed with which american jazz bassist and singer born in 1984 ?
where did mark pavelich win gold in 1980 ?
the party machine with nia peeples was executive produced by the talk show host whose show originally ran during what time period ?
hugh milburn stone stared ina tv series created by what writer ?
what was the goal as a photographer of the man whose " message from the interior " was published by eakins press ?
what is the colloquial name of the professional football team in which striker frederico chaves guedos played ?
what type of television show did dylan everett star in , in 2015 ?
what is the species of animal which the town of antelope , kansas was named after ?
the genus containing lions also contains several poorly known what ?
stella maxwell has been a model for a famous fashion shown since when ?
the founder of the ali akbar college of music was known for his virtuosity in what musical instrument ?
when did the predecessor of the eyes of nye first air ?
camp courtney was named after the major killed in action at the battle codenamed what ?
what was the birth date of the poker player that wrote " super/system " ?
what is the nationality of the composer of the opera " iphigénie en aulide " ?
in what 2 countries did both x-large and a bathing ape have stores ?
how many episodes did the season of the simpsons which featured the voice of lisa kudrow contain ?
riom trial was headed by the french general who reached what distinction ?
what line featured characters from a dc comic creator by bob kane and bill finger ?
how did the name of peter gifford 's rock band ( 1980-1987 ) come to be chosen ?
what conference champions were putted against each other in the first nba finals in which the orlando magic 's played ?
which municipality of gunnison county , colorado is now called " the last great colorado ski town " and is located near the lucky jack mine ?
who did neleus of scepsis study under in addition to theophrastus in the peripatetic school ?
genealogy is an armenian supergroup that competed in a 2015 singing contest in what city ?
which episode of season nine of the simpsons was the last speaking role for lionel hutz ?
in which austrian concentration camp was german musician wilhelm heckmann ( 1897-1995 ) imprisoned ?
which film industry would have films in which ilya khrzhanovsky would be the director ?
what public service broadcaster with over 20,950 employees , aired the variety show welsh rarebit ?
what sports team included both of the brothers case mccoy and colt mccoy during different years ?
when did the british philosopher whose works inspired kate horsley 's interest in zen die ?
what three time tony nominee composed " ghost quartet " ?
what was the profession of elder brother who born on january 24 , 1984 ?
students from approximately how many nations attend the university from which shawn arévalo mccollough received his masters of education ?
what danish drama thriller which takes place in both denmark and africa was produced by sisse graum jørgensen ?
what is the name of the physician who studied the cause of the 1854 broad street cholera outbreak in london , england ?
in what year did the manager of the singer-songwriter best known for " american pie " die ?
where is a television transmitter located in topeka , ks ?
which satellite suburb of melbourne is partially included in the electoral district of bass ?
where is the first major improved highway located ?
through which tv series , one of the stars of whats up korean film kim ji-won gained attention ?
what is another name , in swedish , for a seductive forest creature found in scandinavian folklore ?
lex antonia nullified the dictatorial laws set up by which roman general ?
the pavilion that the biergarten restaurant is a part of is in between which other pavilions at epcot 's world showcase ?
what irish county are the band that had a concert tour called the in blue tour ?
orson welles made filming the trial , a making-of film of the production of the trial , which was originally filmed where ?
who directed the film where susanne pollatschek voiced olivia flaversham ?
the astor bridge carries state road 40 over a river that his how long ?
how many records did shane lynch sell as a member of boyzone ?
the russian route m9 forms a part of what european route that has a length of about 5320 km ?
when was the movie released that starred an american male actor born on february 28 , 1923 and was written by christopher knopf ?
new hampshire route 124 runs between two regions , one of which is found in cheshire county , new hampshire , united states with the population of about 2000 and is named what ?
what word or phrase is found in both the history of belgium and cockfighting ?
what is the name of the murder victim that worked in a restaurant , in which mark fuhrman was the detective ?
the scunthorpe telegraph and the grimsby telegraph used to service scunthorpe which is in what country ?
when was the folk dance style johannes brahms ' liebeslieder waltzes were written for most popular ?
susanna thompson appeared in the courtroom drama film ghosts of mississippi , directed by who ?
the large subunit and small subunit that use two types of rna are major components that make up what ?
what year did francesca caccini 's father die ?
who is older , tarryl lynn clark or michele marie bachmann ?
what annual gathering that inlcudes david starfire takes place at black rock city ?
mutton lane cemetery is located in a town 13 mi north of where ?
which former new york senator did marc elias help run for office ?
which equerry to a british monarch was married to a marchioness camden ?
one of the members of dru hill is nicknamed after which cartoon character ?
which american actress , singer , and songwriter too the tour of i stand tour
where is greensky bluegrass band 's home and location of where they created their first album ?
what was the job of the character jack nicholson played in a 1992 french-american biographical crime film directed by danny devito ?
the combs–hehl bridge is a twin span single pier cantilever bridge carrying an intersate loop that encloses and area of over how many acres ?
which small nocturnal fox found in the sahara of north africa does the french animated series fennec have a character ?
shadi attieh is often referred to as the lebanese version of a footballer who plays for what major league soccer team ?
who wrote the play performed by 1948 tv actor nicholas amer , were he played ferdinand ?
which skagen painter favored naturalism along with theodor esbern philipsen and kristian zahrtmann ?
predelta national park is located in which area of argentina comprising of the provinces misiones , entre ríos and corrientes ?
what is the name of the national level academy for performing arts that bhupen hazarika won his award in 2008 ?
which of the actors starred in " sollathaan ninaikkiren " was born in 7 november 1954 ?
who features in the series which mcclure hosts
wild about harry stars an actor born september 28 , 1992 who appeared in what in 2006 ?
kasper peter schmeichel is the son of a professional footballer who was voted what in 1992 and 1993 ?
in what year did the man who shot the chris stockley , of the dingoes , die ?
what was the name changed to after allison j71 was modified to a thrust of 7400 lbf ?
mr. wilson 's cabinet of wonder : pronged ants , horned humans , mice on toast , and other marvels of jurassic technology is a book about a museum that is located in which city ?
band-e-amir dragons is named after the lakes in which afghan national park ?
which beatles movie did the john 's children 's studio album orgasm dub audience screams from ?
how much was ammon bundy 's son ordered to pay in grazing fees ?
what actor born in 1951 starred in aaj ka robin hood ?
what is the name of the studio album that the miley cyrus song , who owns my heart is on ?
which hip hop act that collaborated in the red hot aids benefit series was also a trio that was formed in new york ?
the brewing company known for making genny light , a beer with only 100 calories per 12 ounce portion , and located along the genesee river , was formerly known by what brewery name ?
whose death dramatized in a stage play helped end the death penalty in australia ?
brahmarshi vishwamitra is a 1991 film produced & directed by a man that served as chief minister of andhra pradesh for how many years ?
what is name of the mountains near this autonomous community , in which spanish politician felipe alcaraz was born ?
john rhys-davies played general pushkin in the bond film that starred whom as james bond ?
who is cletis tout ? was a comedy film that starred which " home improvement " cast member ?
the belton estate is a novel by an english novelist of the victorian era , whose best known works are a series of novels that are collectively known as what ?
pro evolution soccer 2016 includes which brazilian footballer on the cover ?
what is the nick name of this former american professional football player who played as a linebacker for the seattle seahawks in the national football league ( nfl ) and appeared on the american detective television " lawless ? "
the plymouth fury produced from 1955 to 1989 was replaced by what for police and fleet applications ?
" horrible bosses " is written by a writer in which career ?
which movie produced by esta malka charkham was the first to star a woman as the lead role ?
mischa anne barton 's first major film role was the protagonist of a movie written by who ?
what is the character of fictional character claire fraser in a british-american television drama series developed by ronald d. moore ?
what 4-d film attraction at walt disney world is based off a 2004 computer-animated christmas movie ?
maria curcio taught a classical pianist who is of what south american lineage ?
what canadian filmmaker created a film about bettie page in 2005 ?
what russian ballet choreographer restaged a play based on a spanish novel by miguel de cervantes saavedra ?
the author of " we were soldiers once… and young " received what military decoration for valor ?
thomas parker sanborn was a model for the protagonist in the only novel by a poet originally from what country ?
the second studio album by the d.o.c was named as a reference to charles manson 's idea of a beatles ' song which was a product of mccartney 's attempt to create what kind of sound ?
when william gladstone successfully relaunched his political career in scotland in advance of the 1880 general election , which party did he lead ?
who was the director of 2004 american teen comedy adventure film in which michelle christine trachtenberg appeared ?
what languages is the journal that michel feher semi-regularly blogs for published in ?
what disney movie was the wrestler with the real name of john william minton in ?
who is a winner of the 2013 6 hours of silverstone a co-commentator for ?
" waputik " is the stoney indian word for a large hoofed mammal endemic to what continet ?
what was rosario dawson of josie and the pussycats film debut
minor league baseball games that were played between the rivalling teams of the sooners and the cowboys were played at the stadium formerly known as what ?
what canadian actor starred in a film released on june 14th,2011 ?
how tall was one of drew barry 's brothers ?
petroglyphs on ingaro isalnd indicate it has been innhabited since an era that lasted until what year ?
which italian classical composer , conductor , and teacher born in 1750 composed this four-movement serenade in b-flat major for five instruments ( 2 oboes , 2 horns and 1 bassoon ) ?
the genesis flood is a book by john c. whitcomb and what founder of the creation research society and the institute for creation research ?
which happened first ? the scarp was first imaged by voyager 2 or the play all 's well that ends well was written by william shakespeare
the actress and singer heather morris is best known for her role in which series , becoming a regular character in the second season ?
the type 90 tank built by mitsubishi heavy industries is to be superseded by what generation of main battle tank of the japanese ground self defense force ?
on december 4 , 1872 , the ship mary celeste , captained by benjamin briggs , was found unmanned and drifting in the altantic ocean near what location ?
the city that hosted the olympics where taiwan competed as chinese taipei is situated at the confluence of what two rivers ?
what type of crab can be grown in a fishery and is known for its sweet and tender flesh ?
at least how many countries does the company that bought oil can henry 's operate in ?
who directed the film about the living funeral for morrie schwartz ?
the song " metal " by gary numan was the b-side of a single that reached what ranking inthe uk charts ?
the 2008 american romantic drama film directed by david fincher won what directing award ?
cowie castle at stonehaven , and allardice castle near inverbervie , are part of a coastal chain of castles in scotland overlooking which sea ?
wilm hosenfeld assisted the pianist and composer of what nationality survive during 1944 ?
knockout song was from which album of lil wayne on cash money records ?
an austrian-british psychoanalyst born in 1882 and innovative in object relations theory was also rigorous about what other type of therapy ?
which racecar driver who performed in the 1971 canadian grand prix was born in 1937 ?
which film featured rosalind cash prior to the release of " sister , sister " ?
the king george v bridge crosses the river trent near a small village 4 mi west of where ?
how many miles does the train , which passes through the amtrak jacksonville station and shares the track with the silver meteor , run ?
produce 101 , which produced i.o.i , cost the company mnet how much to produce ?
the troubles in newtownabbey recounts incidents during and the effects of the troubles in newtownabbey in the county antrim of which country ?
what is the capitol of the district that also includes the village of shienga ?
lou cutell appeared on the third episode of the ninth season of an cbs sitcom that was what number episode overall ?
what team that is a member of the america east conference played in the championship game in 2009 ?
at what stadium did mychal george thompson play home games with the san antonio spurs ?
which football club is based in the capital of lesotho ?
in what year was the company founded whose manhattan branch was the site for the recording of the live album , park avenue south , by dave brubeck and his quartet ?
what was the most famous post of the man who commanded american and french troops against german positions during the battle of saint-mihiel ?
otterington railway station was on a 393 mi major railway that linked edinburgh to what city ?
what man is credited eith inventing both the leyden jar and the tribometer ?
what swiss football forward currently plays for the swiss football club founded in 1905 ?
what is the name of the light rail station on the max blue line 7 mi west of portland , oregon ?
what years did jose gonzalo rodriguez gacha and other leaders of fthe medallin cartel operate in boliva , colombia , central america , peru , the united states , canada , and europe ?
the hip hop group strange fruit project relates its name to what song by a famous female jazz musician and singer known for her vocal delivery and improvisational skills ?
leonard whiting played the tragic hero of romeo and juliet in the film version by which director ?
john dimaggio voices the character shnitzel on cartoon network series created by who ?
in which movie the stephanie kay panabaker was alongside with her elder sister danielle nicole panabaker ?
what book did the president and ceo of tracinda corporation buy ?
bob edwards was the host of what show , that later was hosted by renee montagne ?
what state is home to the lake wobegon trails and the recording location for the live radio show " a prairie home companion " ?
ralf d. bode is best known for his work on a film starring who as loretta ?
loch shiel is part of the river that drains into the sea near the castle that sits west of what town ?
the german who is credited with inventing the v-2 rocket and saturn v was also a supervisor of what nasa program ?
the death camp of tolerance is an episode from an animated television series that was created by which two people ?
what is the name of the largest publicly owned company in minnesota that is situated in minnesota 's most populous county ?
mogens palle brought to denmark a world lightweight champion from where ?
which member of parliament for macclesfield was married to jane ann winterton ?
theme park inc is a video game that created what sequel in north america in 1999 ?
in what year was the county in which kentucky 's 20th-largest city is located founded ?
the facts behind the helsinki roccamatios was published by the creator of the award-winning fantasy adventure novel that was published in what year ?
the title grigory drozd lost in may 2016 was won by a boxer who made his acting debut in what film ?
special k is a slang word for a medication whose main effects last how long ?
what actor had his final performance in the film based on a dytopian novel by david eggers called the circle ?
what is the rule that makes a major difference between the national league and the american league that allows another player to bat for the pitcher ?
annapolis junction is located in what county named after the wife of cecilius calvert , 2nd baron baltimore ?
somebody ’ s daughter ’ s star max gail was most widely known for his role in what other television series ?
what production company is owned by the director of " she hate me " ?
ross pople worked with which english composer known for his opera " the midsummer marriage " ?
the american rock band from ukiah , california in which davey havok and adam carson participate has made how many live albums ?
michael braz completed a libretto for what georgia college , founded in 1906 ?
józsef viola 's association was most prominent with which professional italian football club in turin , piedmont ?
when was the designer of the disneyland attraction with variants in california , france , hong kong , tokyo , and the tomorrowland speedway born ?
at what intersection was the former home of the wooden roller coaster now located at six flags great america in gurnee , illinois located ?
in which navy was the single-engine bae systems hawk operated ?
les ottolenghi was previously the chief information officer at what casino in paradise , nevada ?
in what state is the manufacturer of bisquick headquartered ?
hina is derived from a dye prepared in what areas ?
flowers in the attick starred which " mad men " actress ?
women 's soccer star caprice dydasco plays for newcastle jets fc based in what nation ?
where was the air-cooled version of a weapon system used on the hmas " narani " found ?
jsoc was created on the recommendation of a colonel who served in the malayan emergency and what other war ?
who produced the 2004 major release sequel of shrek 2 ?
what is the nationality of the poet who wrote une tempete and first performed it in tunisia ?
what position did christian albrecht bluhme during the second military conflict as a result of the schleswig-holstein question ?
what dutch painter specialized in domestic interior scenes of middle class life and has a painting of a young woman dressed in a yellow shawl in the louvre , paris ?
which profession do david breashears and richard bass have in common ?
when is the 2010 population of a town in waldo county which was covered by " maine school administrative district 3 " ?
lost someone was written by james brown and an american r & b/soul singer who began his career in 1952 as a member of what gospel group ?
the german geographer and geopolitician otto maull was part of a team led by haushofer whose close associate was a prominent politician in nazi germany born in 1894 who served under hitler in 1933 as what capacity ?
what is the altitude of the town in england that has leadgate between it and garrigill ?
what is another name for the butterfly of the hesperiidae family that is found in the third largest country in africa ?
who is the chairman of the company that operates suncoast hotel and casino ?
who starred in the bronze and also showed up on the cbs sitcom " the big bang theory " ?
what is the long name of the government of ireland act 1920 that relates to islam in northern ireland ?
the 2008–09 texas tech red raiders played in which athletic conference headquartered in irving , texas ?
matt mckenzie had a role on the television show that focused on the lives of teenage friends from what wisconsin town ?
what was fort orange 's initial name ?
hans florian zimmer composed the original music score for pacific heights , since the 19080 's how many films has he composed music for ?
kadeem jack is a player in a league that started with how many teams ?
which comcast-owned film studio produced the movie radio patrol ?
which character did this australian-american actress who appeared in the movie " felony " play in the australian soap opera " home and away ? "
stewart nozette is currenlty serving time in a correctional facility operated by which government agency ?
pacific mozart ensemble performed which german composer 's der lindberghflug in 2002 ?
what is the scentific name of the butterfly that is widespread in the seventh-largest country in the world ?
an american physicist coined the term " soft energy path " in 1976. today he is chairman and chief scientist of what ?
wade watts is the uncle of a politican who played college footbal for which team ?
phil ruffin , an american businessman born in 1935 , owned a greyhound racing track called the wichita greyhound park in which state ?
what english competitive sailor has mike bushell included top tips from in his features ?
which them park is host to both the back to the future rid and the simpsons ride ?
in which year was this public research university in which brock marion played college football founded ?
not richard , but dick was an album by the band formed in what city ?
bobby arora is the trading director of a retail chain that was formed in what year ?
geoffrey serle wrote a biography about which australian military commander who planned the allied attack at the battle of amiens in 1918 ?
who is the film dedicated to that paramount classics and mtv films co-purchased the rights to ?
was the famous opera comique that was based on a prosper merimee novella a comedy or a tragedy ?
who founded a brand of tyres that promotes the great and british motorsport festival ?
the school in which the wilmslow show is held is designated as what ?
which light rail system would one use to visit the museum that explores the impact of modern conflicts on people and society ?
what american regional sports cable and satellite television network does american television sports personality charlie moore host two shows on ?
huell howser provided the voice of backson in disney 's what numbered animated film ?
over what time period was the motion picture studio which produced marvel one-shots known as " marvel films " ?
venus is a play by an american playwrite who what what prize ?
what was the setting for raphael coleman 's best known film ?
what congressional district did john shimkus represent before the 20th congressional district of illinois ?
what is the relationship of yeshahework yilma 's mother to the man who was ethiopia 's emperor from 1930 to 1974 ?
bridger , gallatin county , montana comprises the ski area that serves which college ?
how long does the lower level degree program , offered at helene fuld college of nursing , typically last ?
in 2009 the oca announced major changes to it event lists , and in what city did this multi-sport event take place ?
who was the lead singer of eighth wonder and who was born on march , 4th in 1968 ?
tile kolup pretended to be a member of what house ?
in addition to jennifer tilly , brian backer , sally kellerman , nedra volz , clara peller , wendie jo sperber and the actor born on june 22 1958 in wilmette , illinois , who else starred in moving violations ?
in which tier of the english football league system does the team which competed against notts county in the 1894 fa cup final currently compete ?
the roissy airport connects to paris and cities in what countries ?
south dade high school is located between what two national parks ?
what is the population of the city in colombia where carlos vieco ortiz was born ?
what rule-class city of 26,595 contains the neighborhood plainview ?
are philip cortez and julian castro democratic or republican ?
riema juhani karppinen won the silver medal at what event held outside of munich , germany ?
what do both spider-man and spider-man in film have in comman
what british company was involved in recording the audiobook for the book known as the golden compass in north america ?
jean hudson boyd is known for her controversial sentencing of ethan couch . what was his sentence ?
follow the yellow brick road tour is taking place to commemorate the album that was recorded where ?
what is the southern border of the neighborhood that the bruce silverstein gallery is located in ?
how many golden globe awards did this english retired actress whose career has spanned over six decades and who appeared in the two-act drama moby dick—rehearsed by orson welles ?
what is the landsman kill near new york state route 308 ?
california joined the union due to the passage of a package of how many separate bills ?
what air force based named in honor of carl benjamin " ben " eielson is located 26 miles southeast of fairbanks , alaska ?
the band who released the debut album " tinted windows " had their first performance in what city ?
in which county of new york was circumstantial productions founded ?
how many of the 12 million immigrants to the united states through ellis island were italian immigrants ?
the music hall guild of great britain and america includes a patron in which actress who had a role on eastenders ?
" do lafzon ki kahani " is a remake of a korean movie directed by which director ?
the man who currently serves as the wide receivers coach for the dallas cowboys used to coach at what college ?
what village in nassau county , new york with a name meaning " a pleasant place " is represented by kathleen rice in the united states house of representatives ?
who designed the 1954 plymouth explorer produced by the chrysler corporation ?
which mechanical device which engages and disengages power transmission uses brake fluid ?
nekeshia shiondrail henderson is an american former professional basketball guard who played college basketball for the texas longhorns women 's basketball team , representing what school ?
the moon represents my heart is a mandarin song made famous by teresa teng , what other language does she sing in ?
what is a common feature of both the iron rattler 's inversion and a barrel roll ?
what is the nationality of the actor who was a leading man of michèle mercier and born on november 3 , 1921 ?
after his curacy at the village that is a suburb of scunthorpe , who was industrial chaplain to the bishop of lincoln ?
which american conglomerate company is a subsidiary of trump entertainment resorts
where was the company , of which david devoe is chief financial officer , ranked in the world , in 2014 , in terms of revenue , against similar types of company ?
what song was created by the group consisting of jeffrey jey , maurizio lobina and gabry ponte and released on 15 january 1999 ?
what year was the major roman road built that connects to the port that is now in the " comune " of bacoli ?
the american short horror the sub stars which american actress , make-up artist and producer born in 1964 ?
what corporation does the company that publishes the monthly magazine that focuses almost exclusively on the western united states and featured photograph by julius shulman of a home designed by rodney walker belong to ?
what is represented on the cover art of the studio album that includes the song " speed of sound " ?
kentucky truck assembly and louisville assembly plant are two auto factories in the city of louisville operated by which car maker ?
which team did joe buck 's father broadcast for ?
in which year was this single by cher , written by brian higgins and included in the album the very best of cher , released ?
who was known for playing a fictionalized version of the wild politician who was the face of communist scare tact 's in the early 1950 's ?
which wrestler , who died in 2009 , featured on the wrestling show starrcade ?
what character did the actor born on january 19 , 1944 play in " as the world turns ? "
what giant silverware company was started as a religious utopian group and was for many years run by pierrepont noyes ?
how large of the area is the nature reserve south of seacroft esplanade ?
richard burton became involved in a mayoral campaign for a politician that previously served as the mayor of baltimore during what time period ?
the dying swan is a famous solo associated with anna pavlova . whose music is it based on ?
the star of " the inkwell " also starred in what 1993 movie as o-dog ?
what estonian composer whose music is partly inspired by gregorian chant set the latin text of the magnificat canticle in 1989 ?
in which professional wrestling promotion did randy savage perform , after he left the world wrestling federation ?
leonard logsdail had a cameo role in the biographical film directed by whom ?
what day of the week does the korean cooking-variety program featuring the owner of " dear . bread " air ?
which hells angel member stabbed and beat an attendant of the 1969 counterculture-era rock concert in the united states ?
in which sottish region is the castle in which ] sir roger de kirkpatrick was born ?
how many acres did this plantation consist of , in which the honourable the irish society was set up to colonise county londonberry ?
what airline holding company located in solna municipality , sweden owns a technical aircraft maintenance company located in arlanda , sweden ?
lighthouse beach is a small section of the fire island national seashore that is adjacent to a state park in long island that is how big ?
what party campaigned for the irish home rule movement ?
the winner of the the london riders ' championship in 1953 scored how many points in the 1952 individual speedway world championship ?
what did the nba player who visited tlacote el bajo win during his rookie season ?
what musician is ranked 9th in the top 100 greatest metal guitarists and started a band in 1990 in los angeles , california ?
what film adaptation do both jerome bernard and ira lewis have in common ?
who was the director of the film featuring the character " supah ninjas " ?
how many european jews died in the catastrophe of which eva hayman is a survivor ?
where is the location of liberty square park in disneyland california ?
what was the occupation of the man who founded the huffman historic district which is a part of the historic inner east neighborhood in dayton , ohio , unoited states ?
brinckerhoff , new yorkhad a role in a cbs sitcom created by whom ?
panna a netvor is a re-telling of a classic tale by what novelist ?
what group released a song called " stinkfist " on september 17 , 1996 ?
what concert tour headlined by coal chamber in 1999 was named after the popular hit song by the puerto rican singer ricky martin , spanish for " the crazy life " ?
where was one of the runners born who almost broke craig virgin 's illinois boys cross country record ?
how many people go through the airport where darwin airline 's headquarters are located ?
who voices the character that stars in baseball bugs ?
what major league soccer team owned by anthony precourt is coached by a retired american soccer player ?
what community in imperial county , california is partly named after a species of tree that is native to north america , europe , and western asia ?
carroll county , for 12 of the 13 counties , were named for which wealthy maryland planter ?
the curaçao centre for correction and detention changed its name to sentro di detenshon i korekshon kòrsou at this event which saw the dissolution of a caribbean country on what date ?
to which place was this irish convict portrayed by oscar redding in " van diemen 's land " transported for theft ?
what type of film is jordan roberts 2017 film release ?
though one castle is on an isle and the other on a ridge , what to they share in common regarding their locations ?
the elder sister of darleen carr is best known for her role as which von trapp daughter in " the sound of music ? "
arthur noss was a gunner for the commader during which two european theatre battles in wwii ?
hey ya is a song performed on the ed sullivan show on cbs by which hip hop artist in 2003 ?
the people for whom pap is a staple food speak a language that is a major branch of what language family ?
the 2014 baylor bears football games were played at the stadium whose name was changed during what month ?
what items are used to play both lapta and rounders ?
what movie directed by tim fywell , included the actress who also appeared in " euro trip " and " inspector gadget " ?
brad elterman is a professional photographer who addressed the rock ' n ' roll lifestyle of a band that became noted for what ?
who wrote lyrics for both " little shop of horrors " and the song " be our guest ? "
in which city have gary ayres and neil craig both been head coach of the crows ?
which team did art briles lead to a victory at the orlando citrus bowl on december 29 , 2015 ?
having written singles for several country acts , including randy travis , blake shelton , and keith whitley , what singer song writer achieved his 3rd no 1 single by writing " always and forever " ?
which group of outlaws from the 1890s shares a name with a yugoslav rock band ?
a celebrity magazine that has featured snoop dogg and footballers such as riyad mahrez and the creator 's team-mate juan mata was launched by which former manchester united player ?
what movie studio produced the benchwarmers , which starred rob schneider and napoleon dynamites lead actor , jon heder ?
what kind of musician does robert plant discography and john bonham have in common ?
what is the name of the city located near the historical region known as margianḗ in greek ?
what languages did the son of sacagawea speak ?
what future publishing founder co-hosted the annual ted conference with june cohen ?
what is the worth of the logo that appears alongside the " just do it " slogan ?
what role did julianne moore play in the 2002 oscar winning movie ?
the first of the simon bloom books was optioned by a company founded in what year ?
who starred in a 2015 zombie film with northern irish actor ?
what jurassic park star was also in the rainbow warrior ?
who produced the 2015 film starring jesse eisenberg , gabriel byrne , isabelle huppert , david strathairn , and amy ryan ?
an american football quarterback for the chicago bears was a star of a game released when ?
devil 's food is a singles compilation by an american rock and roll band that has also been known to play country shows under what ?
the 2015 american drama film , being charlie , stars which canadian actor that appeared in " adoration " and " saw vi " ?
who is the current governor of the state where former wrestler stephen cepello painted the governor 's mansion ?
" i will not say goodbye " is a song written in part by a music artist who first gained national attention as a winner of what talent competition ?
who directed the movie for which jason o'bryan was nominated for a grammy for best soundtrack ?
what country of origin does eric lucassen and party for freedom have in common ?
is the university that mary jane phillips-matz attended in new york a public or private school ?
which sports station was the host of the late show , prior to damien fahey , an anchor for ?
kyle ezell is a professor at what school of architecture building at ohio state ?
when was the pianist who recorded live at shelly 's manne-hole born ?
what team does the oldest son play for , from the family whose middle son plays for the chicago bulls and the mother and father and third son all played basketball .
what genre was the film that chun woo-hee acted in 2016 ?
where is the headquarter of the american multinational chemical corporation who 's part is dow agrosciences ?
warren gamaliel harding had an affair with which american secretary born on november 9 , 1896 ?
no . 3 elementary flying training school raaf operated at an airport during world war 2 that is closest to which city center in australia ?
how is the dutch footballer , ryan babel , connected to the song , wij zijn ajax ?
who wrote the film , other than the good shepherd , in which leonard logsdail appeared as a tailor ?
what year was the film starring hugh jackman , jake gyllenhaal , and an actress appearing in " the cooler " and " the jane austen book club " released ?
in the nasa mission where moon trees were taken into space , what was the nickname of the command module ?
what election was senator harry reid at in nevada ?
aside from the all-nba third team member in 1995 who was also a three-time nba all-star and the nba sixth man of the year twice , which other two players were selected for the 1997 nba all-star game from the seattle supersonics ?
what was the 2010 population of the city established around st. mary 's mission ?
jasmin geljo is known for his role in a 2005 post-apocalyptic horror film written and directed by who ?
what is the birthday of the oldest among vicente garcía and ximena sariñana ?
who was the author of the book " the coming global superstorm " and was also the host of the radio program " coast to coast am ? "
who beat the missouri tigers in what is alternatively known as the border showdown ?
the hms seraph is most famous for a wwii operation intended to cover the allied invasion of sicily in what year ?
although michael fincke 's record was broken by scott kelly , commander of the international space station ( iss ) on expeditions 26 , 45 , and 46 , what was his record for the most time in space ?
goldilocks and the three bares was a film that was totally separate from the fairy tale from what century ?
the current home ground of the salford red devils was built for what season ?
when was the younger brother of ervin randle born ?
the red butte creek oil spill occurre din a pipeline that was owned by what successor company to standard oil ?
which song that john kirby scored is often the final piece of music played during an evening of revelry ?
what is the nickname of the singer with which castor mccord played with in the 1920s ?
a pair of brown eyes and wild mountain thyme is based from what artists song ?
what composer with an italian libretto was born 4 march 1678 ?
what is the brand who makes canned meats that had its own cook off in austin until 2007 ?
what is the full name of the company co founded by jay van andel ?
the lead of the cbs series " i had three wives " played what role in " godspell " ?
the project that jeder rappen zählt is inspired by began in what year ?
alexander petrovich nikolayev received the title hero of the soviet union and the order of lenin for his actions during the the final major offensive of the european theatre of what war ?
john seasock was a professional monster truck driver that last drove a truck sponsored by a company headquartered in what city ?
socialist conferences were held with what countries that opposed the central powers in the first world war ?
what date in 2010 was a south korean film starring kim hyang-gi released ?
charlotte hatherley initially came to prominence in a band formed in what year ?
what air base became an airport that is home to the 101st air refueling wing of the maine air national guard ?
what is 25 miles south of groom lake ?
said fazal akbar was appointed governor by the president of afghanistan that served until what day ?
what type of ovulation does the animal formerly known as the pygmy chimpanzee have ?
what role in the military did the discoverer of the elliptical galaxy ngc 3610 have before reaching britain ?
what crossroads is the town located 10 km north of the charcoal tank nature reserve located ?
what was the title of the man who sir thomas hungerford made his fortune working as a steward to ?
caprice no . 5 was composed by what italian violinist , guitarist , and composer , who was the most celebrated violin virtuoso of his time ?
where was the 2015 msa formula championship , a multi-event , formula 4 open-wheel single seater motor racing championship held ?
what actress with the last name saravanan starred in the 2004 tamil film arul ?
who founded gaming company which owns and operates the red rock resort ?
what 2014 ottawa fury goalkeeper coach missed a shot deflected off ronnie whelan in the 1987 football league cup final ?
two of the pharmacy schools are midway college school of pharmacy and which first for-profit college or university to receive the southern association of colleges and schools ?
what band is a tribute to a band originally known as the grizzly river boys ?
before moving to boston to play at the new england patriots , in which city did dean caliguire play his college and nfl football ?
amil grove appeared in what british tabloid published by news uk ?
who is the father of the prince in which william joseph weaver is most famous for painting a full length portrait of ?
sls station was designed to allow access to the area of las vegas that includes a hotel and casino in what other town ?
murray seafield st george head most recognised for which song from the concept album and subsequent musical " chess " by tim rice , benny andersson and björn ulvaeus ?
what organization does sandra pizzarello and doctorate have in common ?
henry w. bloch school of management is named after the founder of an american tax preparation company that is based where ?
what group of elektra records recording artists are known to be an indie pop band ?
when was the novella written whose film adaptation was played during the christmas season of " afternoon movie " and contained the character of ebenezer scrooge ?
which is the younger brother in the composer duo that composed aati kya khandala ?
when was the producer of the film betrayal born ?
what was the budget of the film in which kodi smit-mcphee voiced norman babcock ?
what type of film was the benn f. reyes 's dr. strangelove ?
spring waltz starred the american actor who is known for what 2007 film ?
name any class of vertebrates within the class of mammalia that has atleast 2 types of sensors ?
name a movie that david thewlis has performed in after the premiere of fargo ?
youporn was surpassed , in 2013 , by competitor sites xhamster , pornhub , livejasmin , and this website that is registered to the polish company wgcz holding ?
where was the first governor after the the missouri compromise from ?
the person that william flannery was an architect for entered the publishing business in what year ?
holland park is located next to the shopping center owned by which corporation ?
where is the origin of tie domi who was a player for the maple leafs ?
henderson executive airport got its name in 1996 when it was purchased by clark county to be used as a reliever airport for an airport named after what politican ?
what collaboration with dj muggs did gary grice participate do in 2005 ?
what was the birth name of the start of hwarang : the poet warrior youth ?
the english chef known for his back-to-basics philosphy has a sister named what ?
who founded methodism along with the man who was also part of the revival movement in england and the great awakening in the united states ?
spill.com gave their final review for a movie directed by who ?
what golf course , located in fulton county , georgia , saw keegan bradley win a championship ?
which county is jollyville , texas located in that had a population of 1,024,266 as of the 2010 census ?
who is older danny green or james worthy ?
the song " medicine " by the 1975 appears in a film directed by what danish filmmaker ?
when was the second album by jason daunt 's band released ?
which lithuanian-canadian anthropologist , primatologist , conservationist , ethologist , and author was chosen by louis leakey , along with jane goodall , dian fossey to study hominids in their natural environments ?
which player for the chicago american gears held the record which george harry yardley iii broke
the title of this swedish-french crime television series in english refers to a natural phenomenon where the sun remains visible for what ?
when was ben mcniece played his debut in the anzac day clash against collingwood at the melbourne cricket ground ?
the song " only a pawn in their game " was based on a crime whose perpetrator was convicted in this year .
wagner moura received what nomination for playing the lead role of " the king of cocaine " ?
which california band , whose debut album adrenaline appeared in 1995 , has been referred to as " the radiohead of metal " ?
what is the date of the reissue of one of rhihanna 's album that features three newly recorded songs and a dvd showing exclusive behind-the-scenes footage of rihanna 's worldwide tour that was the second overall and first world concert tour by rihanna ?
what is the name of second extended play by the artists of the mini-abum code # 01 ?
what professional footballer who plays for championship side cardiff city was part of the 2009 houphouët-boigny stampede ?
which american pro basketball player who won gold at the 2008 summer olympics was signed by the utah jazz during the 2005-05 offseason ?
who played for the 1983–84 new york knicks season and also had a younger brother who played in the nba during his career
the bragg–gray cavity theory was developed by louis harold gray , william lawrence bragg , and a man that was knighrted in what year ?
what is the genre of the 1991 film that featured the song " breakin ' the rules " ?
who is a british physicist and also a british government 's chief scientific adviser
sinimole paulose 's favorite events are the 800 metres and another event that has been a contest at the summer olympics begining in what year ?
which actress worked closely withcharpes lane ?
the central figure used in the corporate branding of singapore airlines has been an element of it 's marketing since what year ?
the head writer for which show also wrote a simpsons ' episode narrated by james earl jones ?
" heartbreak hurricane " was recorded by which country artist , that also goes by the name ricky skaggs ?
what type of believer does mir jafar baghirov and joseph stalin have in common ?
the 2009 fort hood mass shooting was committed by who ?
what reward did the founder of chick-fil-a receive ?
thehickey team that won the 1997 calder cup playoffs is based in what city ?
what genre is what 's it gon na be due to its 4x4 rhythm ?
from what island has chryseobacterium frigidum isolated ?
for how many years did a player , who woke up on march 28 , 1996 without vision in his right eye , play for the minnesota twins ?
what were the nicknames for the companion of nuna ?
what south australian capital held ufc fight night 65 in may of 2015 ?
what philosophical system did the author of a novel about howard roark develop ?
john constantine williams , sr was cofounder of a florida city located in what county ?
where are the offices of the weather service that serves the kansas city which was named after an agreement between european americans and the osage nation ?
when was the singer of miss emily 's picture born ?
when was the brewery founded which has the stag inn hastings as a tied house ?
creation entertainment is located in a city with what estimated 2014 population ?
" i wed three wives " is an episode of a television series that ran on what network ?
which indian film playback singer as well a devotional singer contributed to the film " baabul " ( 2006 ) and sukshinder shinda 's album " collaborations 3 ? "
who played a lead role in dhool and has been awarded an honorary doctorate by the people 's university of milan ?
what is the fourth most populous urban area in the republic of ireland and has the housing estate corrib park ?
which countries forces fought in the battle of hürtgen forest which was covered in the shooter video game darkest hour : europe '44-'45 ?
what song by soft cell was sampled in a rihanna song that had three video versions ?
in what year did the brother-in-law of ezzo , count palatine of lotharingia , die ?
what animated movie , starring danny devito , featured music written and produced by kool kojak ?
hairy jeremy was a television show created in a style that , when it uses plasticine , is called what ?
who was an actor actor in the film the ladder of lies and was born october 23 , 1893 ?
what novella was the basis of the movie that featured the song " wien , du stadt meiner träume " by rudolf sieczyński ?
which year did the band , who released " hooligan 's holiday , " retire ?
what federal agency was founded in 1935 and maintains a list of wanted persons ?
the team that would become the little giants was located in the county seat of which ohio county ?
the 1990–91 unlv runnin ' rebels basketball team coached by jerry tarkanian lost in the semifinals of the 1991 ncaa tournament to which team ?
which battle , that resulted in the death of selyf sarffgadau and cadwal crysban , did the synod of chester contribute to starting ?
what indian government tag was given to the handicraft known for making simple loose clothing worn over the shoulders ?
where is the headquarters for the service broadcaster the show tenko is on ?
jennifer jones captained the gold medalists for canada at the sochi winter olympics in which event ?
what japanese fashion label was founded by the creator of dover street market ?
the 2014–15 uefa champions league knockout phase lead to the final of the 23rd season since it was renamed from what ?
which major regional shopping centre in the western suburb of indooroopilly in the city of brisbane , queensland , australia is served by translink bus routes ?
what is the relation between current manager of chinese club tianjin quanjian and paolo cannavaro ?
h pistorius & co is part of the reason for the wealth of the family that includes which south african sprinter ?
when was the actor in the cw show developed by greg berlanti who also appears in " gods and generals " born ?
who conceived the rapid transit system that klemzig interchange is a part of ?
valais is known for the resort municipality in which district in switzerland ?
kyle york is the chief strategy officer of a company that was aqured by what corporation in 2016 ?
what person , known also as jane ryan , has a four lane highway in the philippines name after her ?
trilochanapala , last king of the kabul shahi dynasty , ruled in the site of which modern country ?
which areas of the united states were still able to deny sames sex marriages after the case in which edith " edie " windsor was the main plaintiff ?
hoy es manana is by what mexican actress and singer , who is the current first lady of chiapas state , mexico ?
the book translated as " school of religions " was suggested to be written by whom ?
in the " star trek " franchise , deforest kelley portrayed a character aboard which starship ?
what type of group beat sheryl crow 's " all i wan na do " on the " billboard " hot 100 ?
the most famous song of the last monarch of hawaii was what ?
where is the company that distributed xxxtentacion 's single " revenge " based ?
in what year did the conference in which the 2005 air force falcons participated begin operations ?
when is the football club which stan spinks played for founded
who directed a 2009 comedy released by bbc films ?
lost in time includes the theme song for a french/japanese anime series that was created by who ?
which british-mauritian model starred alongside raj babbar and mahesh manjrekar in a 2011 indian romantic comedy film ?
what does the organization associated with carl wieland believe about anything other than the young earth view ?
the terminology of algebraic geometry changed drastically with the introduction of the general methods , initiated by a mathematician of what nationality ?
grounded vindaloop is an episode from an animated television series that had this many episodes in its eighteenth season ?
what role in the tv show " death in paradise " was played by the man who performed with alexander armstrong in the podcast " timeghost " ?
where was the artist behind " shit " born and raised ?
which rebellion did sir john wedderburn and charles edward stuart fight for that ended with defeat at the battle of culloden ?
who directed the hindi remake of the korean film that starred uhm jung-hwa , kim sang-kyung , and song young-chang ?
what was the first comic book written by the writer who had a series developed into a 2010 film with bruce willis and morgan freeman ?
thomas fitch defended john henry holliday when he was accused of killing men during the gunfight at the o.k . corral , when was that ?
sachem central school district encompasses the cdps that include the hamlet in which new york county ?
in addition to syosset central , half hollow hills central , and the school district that has henry l. grishman as its superintendent , what other school district is near hauppauge union free school district ?
what city does saint paul school of theology and united methodist church of the resurrection have in common ?
what was sophia dallas ' husbands name who served under the 11th president of the united states ?
in which period the first king of norway 's son who was the king of norway ?
according to the 2010 census , what was the population of the city in which andover usd 385 is located ?
what is the alleged rank of the mafioso who ran the chicago outfit with john difronzo , joseph andriacchi , angelo lapietra and ames marcello ?
name one of the judges of spring baking championship television series who was born on december 17 , 1974 ?
nicholas pinnock stars as jason backland in a series direccted by who ?
philip savage served as direcor of player personnel for the baltimore ravens under what general manager who was inducted into both the college and pro football halls of fame ?
what song originally released by an american rock band active in the late 1960 's and early 1970 's did the reels do a cover of in 1986 ?
the state theatre is part of a performing arts centre located in what australian suburb ?
what film did tom wu appear in that also starred jason statham and ray liotta ?
the gap band was from what neighbor hood that was known as the black wall street ?
in 2008 , who were the two actors stared along with a south korean actor , singer , and model who won best actor in five prestigious award ceremonies .
who was the wife of the president when william bainbridge started his career ?
which part of handel 's messiah covers the birth of a child who , according to the gospels of luke and matthew , was born in bethlehem ?
how many total staff ( including part-time , flexible , and fixed contract staff ) does the broadcaster , who released hypernormalisation , employ ?
james conlon directed the oldest outdoor music festival that is located and what state ?
in which of the largest surviving medieval old towns in europe is the vilnius cathedral located ?
the standard that defines svalbard and jan mayen is similar to what standard that originated in the united nations statistics division ?
what province is the city where matts ( matti ) wiktor hoikka was a blacksmith and politician ?
near what ocean does the highway carried by the long-allen bridge terminate near ?
where does the city situated where kellyville ridge is located ?
which contest did the singer of the song mama 's song win ?
what polish pioneer in watchmaking was an associate of wincenty gostkowski ?
what brother of stanley alan van gundy is a color commentator for espn ?
who are the executive producer of the adult swim skit show that odd future had ?
what producer of the real housewives of orange county also hosts " watch what happens live with andy cohen " ?
from 2003 to 2008 tom holland was responsible for what ?
viscount yamaji motoharu was a general in the early imperial japanese army which belonged to which empire ?
what is the former name of the animal whose habitat the réserve naturelle lomako yokokala was established to protect ?
when was the judge born who made notable contributions to the trial of the man who tortured , raped , and murdered eight student nurses from south chicago community hospital on the night of july 13-14 , 1966 ?
shirley breeden won her first senate term in a narrow upset over the politician who was a member of what branch of the armed forces ?
the westchester knicks are a basketball team in a minor league basketball organization that was known as what from 2001 to 2005 ?
srivariki premalekha is a movie based on " premalekha " which is what type of book that is a long , written work of narrative fiction ?
college humor is a 1933 american pre-code musical comedy film that starred what american singer and actor who has a trademark warm bass-baritone voice ?
which coach did the longest tenured active coach n both the nba and all us major sports leagues replaced in 1996 ?
this american is best known for his work on such disney animated films as " beauty and the beast " and a 1996 american animated musical drama film whose plot centers on who ?
bytham castle is a castle in the civil parish of how many houses ?
who was the recipient of a prize also given to a player for chinese club tianjin quanjian ?
what movie did actress irene jacob complete before the american action crime thriller film directed by stuart bird ?
what is the english translation of the name of style of novel of which the company is an example ?
where is the author of killing pablo : the hunt for the world 's greatest outlaw ( 2001 ) born ?
what year did the shopping centre on the street numbered b411 open in the space of in the retail space of the former william whiteley limited department store ?
what was the middle name of the pilot who was portrayed by levon helm in the film the right stuff ?
the companions were the first of what type of cavalry ?
what year did the director of the quiet american die ?
where did this dish emerge in the late 1950s that is a long-standing tradition in new jersey ?
what do josef veltjens and hermann goering have in common ?
how many albums have been sold by the singer who released the 2002 single " sk8er boi " ?
whos version of dawn of the dead did r.d . reid act in , the original by zack snyder or the remake by george a. romero ?
christopher i of denmark succeeded his brother , who was king during what period ?
what was the name of the country ran by the president who maintained the mercenary unit , white legion ?
the collection at riverpark is anchored by target and an american supermarket chain that features foods without what type of fat ?
what is served shaken with ice and should not be mistaken with the name margarita ?
both dusty drake and joe diffie sing which genre of music ?
what is the city in which bauerfield international ariport is based out of ?
which star in the maltese bippy died in 1987 ?
which british indian novelist and essayist did anthony burgess address in a lengthy letter ?
jing tian was known for her role in a movie directed by who ?
how big is the campus of the university that ben bahan is a professor at ?
what is the pen name of author carolyn janice cherry , who wrote the fortress series ?
which singer , who released his debut solo album in 2012 , served as producer for the ep live at the third man by white denim in 2011 ?
what is the middle name of the actor who hosted the24th people 's choice awards with reba mcentire ?
in which theater did heidi brunner , a swiss opera singer , play the role as annio ?
who published the film magazine that peter biskind was executive editor of from 1986 to 1996 ?
father jean-pierre aulneau de le touche was killed before he could go on an expedition to mandan , which is located in which state ?
the battle of the catalaunian plains involved the king of the nomadic tribes of which peoples ?
in which town was the amusement park that is operated by britannia jinky jersey ltd located where the first tomorrow 's parties festival was held ? .
what is the nationality of the illustrator of chaos marauders ?
australian national airways was founded by the person who made the first what in 1928 ?
what is the real name of the free jazz drummer on the album " center of the world " ?
what island in the center of pearl harbor is connected to the o'ahu by a floating bridge ?
when did the party inspired by cacareco begin in canada ?
jim atchison was the president of the theme park that had headquarters in what city ?
the mckinley tariff was framed by the representative who was later assassinated in what month ?
what city does paul clyne and david soares have in common ?
where did the free agent quarterback acquired for the 2015 buffalo bills season play college football at ?
what topic does geekdad cover that pertains to a line of plastic construction toys that are manufactured by a privately held company based in billund , denmark ?
arundel castle was damaged during a war between which two groups ?
michael standing was long term friends with which professional midfielder from west brom ?
what was the alternate slang name for the world war i era grenade that the egg grenade was less awkward than to handle ?
the collective for living cinema of lower manhattan featured work from what filmmaker also known as denis kaufman ?
during the period known as the second red scare alexander trachtenberg was convicted under which act ?
what phone series serves as the successor to phones officially unveiled at the " samsung unpacked 2015 " event ?
which russian professional ice hockey player , known as the magic man , was the final recipient of the nhl plus-minus award ?
what date was the movie originally supposed to be released that was delayed due to the unlawful distribution of private photographs of edison chen with various women ?
when was george harrison 's second single from his album , that was made with rising conflicts with warner bros. , released in the united states ?
who produced the film that was jennifer kent 's directorial debut ?
" you are " is a song from which pearl jam album dealing with the september 2001 terrorist attacks ?
the scientists who discovered tedatioxetine were from what international pharmaceutical company ?
what 1997 song was on the garth brooks album that debuted at # 1 on the " billboard " 200 ?
kaye stevens was an american singer and actress whose big break came at what hotel on the las vegas strip that operated from april 1955 to may 2015 ?
what team did travis cortez mays play on which currently compete in the big 12 conference . ?
helen margaret lederer appeared on a bbc television sitcom created by jennifer saunders , that is based on what 1990 sketch ?
the churchills is a tv exploration of winston churchill and his ancestor the duke of marlborough , presented by which english historian and broadcaster ?
which of mabel keyes babcock 's distant relatives wrote " of plymouth plantation " and served as governor of the plymouth colony ?
saturn al-31 is an engine that powers the aircraft produced in what country ?
at what age did cieli di toscana 's singer become blind ?
which region of austria means 'estate of the salt chamber ' and covers the village of obertraun , a popular destination for skiing and snowboarding in the winter ?
wexner graduate fellowships are given to students who show an ability of an individual to " lead " or guide who ?
what is the nationality of the most praised player in the 2002–03 olympique de marseille season ?
which season did the ucf knights represent at an american metropolitan public research university in orlando , florida ?
the bachelor was based on what novel written by an austrian author ?
who plays opposite the double olivier award-winning english actress in the 2000 tv film following the relationship between " carry on " film actors sid james and barbara windsor ?
who directed the film which starred steve cochran and the actor who played sheriff roy coffee in " bonanza " ?
rowland salley 's best-known tune is " killing the blues " , which has been most recently covered by which american singer-songwriter active mainly in the outlaw country music and southern rock genres ?
what iron-hulled steamship designed by theodore timby was the orleans county monitor newspaper named after ?
what was the given name of the singer who is most closely associated with the dakotas ?
when did the event that led marissa kurtimah to flee her country of birth begin ?
what award did flossie bailey receive that was named after the first female self-made millionaire in america ?
who was born first , nellee hooper or baz luhrmann ?
who stared as the " father of the atomic bomb " in a 1980 television miniseries ?
which singer of the bee gees sung a middle part of a song in which the majority was sung by barry gibb ?
st. john of the cross episcopal church has a rectory that was in a style that was a product of what earlier style ?
what was the nickname of judy lewis 's father ?
by what other names was the king known whose reign was the first included in the year books ?
what comic book does hershel greene and carl grimes appear in as characters ?
summer holiday starred what actor who won a bafta in 1954 >
which st. louis rams season was the final full season played by the 2008 winner of the heisman trophy ?
what 1876 battle featured the other magpie ?
graham linehan was the creator of the ash atalla-produced sitcom for what uk channel ?
thomas maclellan of bombie was provost of what town , as well as constructing maclellan 's castle in the center of that town ?
who gave the mother of alberic ii of spoleto the title " patricia " of rome ?
chandamama and kajal aggarwal are both associated with which indian film industries ?
what is the length of an episode for the show that jose maría del río is a narrorator in ?
what country does salmonby and somersby , lincolnshire have in common ?
on november 2 , 2010 , john spratt lost to an american politician who served in the south carolina general assembly from 2007 until when ?
what nationality was the inventor of the alexander technique for retraining the mind and body to avoid muscular tension ?
david burns is best known working for a radio service that covered what former english county ?
socialist thought and practice was a magazine that was regarded as an important veicle for a form of management based on what ?
the " happy fun ball " was the subject of a series of parody advertisements on a show created by who ?
the findlater castle built on a 50 ft -high cliff overlooking the moray firth was redesigned in the 14th century based on the model of what scottish castle ?
what was need in order to diverge from the chinese ritual uniting spouses by pre-arrangement between families ?
the running man brothers is a south korean pop duo . kim jong-kook is one member and he is from what country ?
" hold on " is a song that features the vocals of a british singer whose debut album won what prize in 2017 ?
which actress appeared in studio 60 on the sunset strip in 2007 and american horror story in 2014 ?
hivange is a village in a country that has how many official languages ?
how long is the road the a12 is a part of ?
what conference does the team that drafted derrick hamilton in 2004 belong to ?
who did the player nicknamed " the human highlight film " play for after he left the atlanta hawks ?
who does the previous vice president of production at the animation studio that is owned and operated by viacom , currently work for ?
the hoch conservatory had the teacher on-staff who was the first to publicly perform any work by which composer ?
the sanders-brown center on aging was funded by a grant from a businessman known for what restaurant chain ?
who is an australian philosopher that inspired living high and letting die ?
mesih pasha 's uncle became emperor in what year ?
who was the singer of the song that held the record for most weeks spent at number one by a female country artist until it was surpassed by the the one named second best song of 2012 by " rolling stone magazine " ?
what was the population of the city where penobscot marine museum is located ?
what did phuture begin that spread to the united kingdom and europe
what pistol cartridge was the original cartridge for the service pistol produced by a german arms manufacturer between 1896 and 1937 ?
when did former yugoslav which patricia hy-boulais eventually lost to in 1992 us open became us citizen
how many students attend the swiss university philip kraft has lectured at ?
kacha , sevastopol is a settlement that is part of a sovereign state bordered on the northwest by which country ?
author david chanoff has collaborated with a u.s. navy admiral who served as the ambassador to the united kingdom under which president ?
white love was what number of single created by a record label est in 2008 by kim shi dao ?
the good dinosaur features the voice of what canadian-born new zealand actress ?
what is the owner of straight blast gym ireland 's birthday ?
what is the size of the archaeological site which is in the hamlet of the guilderland in albany county , new york ?
in what region of argentina is the city of gualeguaychu located ?
what production company was co-created by the lead singer of the band poison ?
what type of band is the group who released a 2007 compilation cd ?
what is the top speed of the faster roller coaster , between the riddler 's revenge and green lantern ?
1995 's " highest paid model " according to forbes played a what in the film " fair game " ?
mesilla park , new mexico is located on the south side of the seat of what county ?
what year was the midfielder who shot the winning goal in the 2009 dfb-pokal final born ?
heath ledger australian actor was in the movie brokeback mountain directed by who ?
what ended the career of the german composer of bunte blatter ?
additi gupta is known for negative roles in the drama series that broadcasts on what country 's star plus network ?
teacher 's pet was both a movie and what ?
khushi ek roag is broadcast by a company based out of where ?
dean mills reservoir is on the slopes of the hill located in what town ?
though nursultan nazarbayev was elected through the democratic system of “ rule of the majority ” , citizens though what of his election ?
what portable media player was distributed through hp ?
which author wrote a play in 2006 and a book on homosexual sex in 1977 ?
which town is named after the developers of monmouth heights at manalapan ?
when was the american singer-songwriter born who recorded “ spirit in the sky ” ?
dayton 's devils had a cameo from the " mash " star who played what role on the show ?
what was the name of the treaty that made hungary a landlocked state which contained the kolozsvar ghetto ?
which university is this american philosopher , theologian , and christian apologist , who supports theistic science , professor at ?
what is the setting for the animated sitcom which michael polcino 's brother dominc works on ?
what position did the winner of the mvp in pool c of the 2017 wbc play ?
in what new york town did glenn martin hughes attend high school ?
what wrestling team is mathew thomas rehwoldt a part of ?
travis mcgee was a precursor to what contemporary mystery protagonist in a series that has been on multiple best seller lists ?
who is the head of state of the territory where the ibrahim-al-ibrahim mosque is located ? ?
which team did lars lunde play for when defeated for the 1987 european cup final ?
what actor iin the 1999 remake of " the mummy " appears in drool ?
when was the actor born who starred in nambia : the struggle for liberation and played roger murtaugh in the " lethal weapon " film series ?
marine air control group 48 is stationed at naval station great lakes which located where ?
the 34th pursuit squadron of the united states air force was among the 60,000-80,000 prisoners of war who were involved the bataan death march during what war ?
what other notable role did the star actor from jeremy perform ?
hotride is the fifteenth single released by what music group from braintree , essex , that was formed in 1990 ?
what colloquial umbrella do rutgers and the many ivy league schools fall under ?
susan b. landau 's credits include a comedy sports film that was the last to be released during the life of who ?
the cromwell station is located in which maryland county ?
in which six western european territories have celtic languages or cultural traits survived ?
when was the coach of the 1981 oklahoma sooners football team born ?
when was the coach of " 2008 texas tech red raiders football team " born ?
what current state is the location of unrecognized and autonomous territory in the united states created in 1784 that was led by david campbell ?
what sport does 200-foot game and jonathan toews have in common ?
in what county is the general motors technical center located ?
which german aeronautical engineer concieved the dornier aerodyne ?
which oxford university graduate did midge mackenzie interview in " women talking " ?
under which stanmore born prime minister was john gorton a serving minister ?
the university of the pacific tigers are led by which american retired professional basketball player and the current head men 's basketball coach at the university of the pacific ?
the name of the japanese rock band t-bolan was inspired by the name of an english rock band formed in what year ?
what variety of mockingbird is the mascot of the university of tennessee at chattanooga ?
what bird of prey can be found around brackendale ?
the composer of the album " nightbook " received his training at what school ?
during what months of the 2003 invasion of the iraq were the media outlets accused of having a pro war basis ?
which is the busiest airport in the united kingdom outside of london ?
what is a luxury goods company long northern boulevard in the miracle mile ?
what type of media does hot pixel and playstation portable have in common ?
what city has a football team and had a player from pago pago , american samoa play for it ?
what title did the queen of the united kingdom of great britain and ireland give to jeremiah meyer ?
which australian professional women 's basketball team has an american playing in it ?
the hindmarsh stadium is sponsored by a brewery that sold how many liters of beer in 2013 ?
who was a supporting cast member of king rat and was knighted in february 2001 ?
in which country did ahmed khader al-muwallad win a gold medal ?
what time did the show , in which gordon burns was the host , usually air on monday ?
what is the proper name for the steroid used by the retired british track sprinter who is one of the fastest european sprinters in the history of athletics ?
what is the current model of the iconic mascot co-created by harold bell ?
the english company behind the british rail class d1/3 locomotive , ruston & hornsby is now a part of what german company ?
which musician who first became famous in the late 1960s and early 1970s is inner secrets the ninth studio album by
what type of group does pablo carballo and argentine air force have in common ?
which current cbs nba analyst played for the portland trailblazers along with former unlv teammate stacey augmon ?
flowers in the attic starred what actress known for playing sally draper on mad men ?
where does yannick ferreira carrasco play home games ?
what were the nations after 1722 that composed a culture that was extensively studied by william n. fenton ?
postal 2 has scenes that are used in a song that was released in what year ?
glad to be unhappy is a song composed by what american ?
which grandson of emperor nicholas 1 was the father of princh john konstantinovich of russia ?
the minister for defence industry is currently the member of the australian house of representatives from what city ?
what is the name the columbian film loosely based on a story about a dying child 's dreams and hope first published in 1845 by hans christian andersen ?
in what country did petrus van hooijdonk compete in for the 1998 fifa world cup ?
sean frazier served as deputy athletic director at the university of wisconsin–madison under an athletic director that stepped down after what season ?
h-63 is a highway that runs near the county seat of what michigan county ?
who played the crime boss considered the father of modern organized crime in the 1997 drama hoodlum ?
what kind of film was the film who featured auli ' i cravalho ?
on what river is the city where stade 24 novembre is located situated on ?
what series did william hopke play in for the detroit tigers which were founded in 1901 ?
the trappist abbey of achel produces and sells what as an " authentic trappist product " ?
where did the tribe mato-tope chief over reside ?
dan scalco is best known as a contributing author for a magazine owned by who ?
what hindi thriller directed by deepak shivdasani features choreography by phulwa khamkar ?
china bio-immnunity has developed a vaccine for which viral disease that causes brain inflammation ?
laurie davidson is an english actor known for playing a fictionalized version of a young william shakespeare on a show that was canceled on what date ?
what is the population of the province herald provincial park is in ?
which airline partners with gogo inflight internet and opened in 1984 ?
wich children 's novelist whow was first published in 1939 gained an internaional following writting about an orphaned girl named anne shirley ?
who is the mother of mary robinson in shakespeare 's " the winter 's tale "
nguyễn văn trỗi tried to assassinate a future ambassador from which us state ?
which agreement resulted from multi-party talks held in st andrews in fife , scotland and was opposed by the concerned republicans ?
what is the net worth of the founder of intel corporation as of 2016 ?
who was the head coach of the georgia tech football team that finished the regular season with the same record as the 1981 team ?
who produced the sequel to the anthology horror comedy film from 2012 , which contained 26 different shorts ?
what canadian actress was on the cover of saturday night magazine ?
who starred in smurfs : the lost village and was also in the office ?
daburiyya is 8km east of a city where where percentage of its citizens are christian ?
how many major league baseball teams usually attend the meeting where the john h. johnson president 's award is awarded ?
len wiseman directed " live free or die hard " which is the 4 installment in the die hard film franchise base on what character ?
what mixed martial arts promotion that was purchased by the ultimate fighting championship in 2001 used to feature nate diaz as a competitor ?
the peak galleria is located near the summit of a mountain that has an elevation of how many meters ?
what current nhl team owner played for the team that won the stanley cup in 1992 ?
what kind of unit was led by the german general who wanted to rush north up the channel coast to capture boulogne , calais and dunkirk during the battle of boulogne ?
imran khan has worked in what type of films refering to the pashto language film industry ?
shenley hall is a house at a parish how far from central london ?
christopher nixon cox is the son of an american politician who is currently the chairman of what ?
what county is keene high school located in ?
hostel : part iii is the first film in the series to be neither written nor directed by a director born in which year ?
what is the profession of ansel elgort 's character in " baby driver ? "
which professional baseball player was born in 1984 and played as a rookie for the los angeles dogers in 2007 ?
what is the name of the conditions that the radiologist who served as chief of radiology at the u.s. army 's flagship medical center from 1909 to 2011 ?
what festival is held every june in bartlesville , oklahoma ?
what number installment of the ghost school and ghost school horror was the film voice ?
edmundas malūkas was the former mayor of the lake resort how far west of the capital of lithuania ?
when was the actor born who starred in sugarfoot ?
which criminal case filed in santa clara county superior court did judge aaron persky rendered the verdict in
what is the official english name of the country in which ain timguenai is located ?
which radio station did nic nolan programme director for ?
which mtv show was hosted by a member of the likwit crew ?
who is older , anne noe or jean-marie pfaff ?
what is the football club that formed in 1876 and has dael jonathan fry as a player ?
" jk wedding entrance dance " is a viral video that uses a song by a rapper whose first album was certified what ?
katie sagona is known as what kind of actor because she was a child acting on stage or in motion pictures or television ?
which maker of robatumumab is american ?
la yesca dam was inaugurated by which mexican politiician and president of the country from 2006-2012 ?
what is the name of the actor who wrote the memoir without you : a memoir of love , loss , and the musical rent and also stared as mark cohen in the broadway production of " rent " ?
the uncle of paul capellani died at a military operation during a battle was fought between who ?
inglis barracks bombing was the first ira attack in england since a bombing thats purpose was to kill what leader ?
who was the head coach for the team whose fourth round draft pick in 1974 played college football at alabama a & m ?
who were the guns stolen from the hms ship " marlin " originally produced for ?
what lieutenant general stayed in the elliott-donaldson house ?
david thewlis had a performance in the film macbeth as which father of malcolm and donalbain ?
where did king james reign during samuel parker 's time as a bishop of oxford ?
what is the 2010 population of the village at which smith haven mall was located ?
love and poison is the official biography of an english alternative rock band formed in what city ?
who made a spoof of the radiohead 's fourth studio album ?
what harry potter actor strred in my boy jack ?
armand castelmary played horatio in the 1868 version of the opera set to a play by whom ?
which host of straight to the heart is an american actress and producer ?
what film was rebecca gibney in that also had kate winslet in it ?
what two ideals are the foundation of neo-libertarianism ?
in what city did nancy winstel coach women 's collegiate basketball ?
which professional stock racing driver has won the xfinity series twice , and beat kevin harvick in the 2016 bojangles ' southern 500 ?
who choreographed one who is said to be the last muse for the choreographer and starred in the nutcracker ?
what american pianist and composer was a guest muscian on the manhattan blues project album by steve hunter ?
reima karppinen won a silver medal in the double sculls at the rowing championships held in what german city ?
oscar is what type of animal with black fur that may be a mixed or specific breed ?
the first person to reach both poles named a glacier after which person ?
what famous composer was born in the town that hosts a festival of music and drama has featured lilian sukis ?
in the glee episode " bad reputation , " sue sylvester dances to this song , by a four-time grammy winner and star of musical film " grease . "
what was the nationality of the person mountbatten institute was named after ?
what format does a 1170 khz am station that jim angel presented the news for have ?
what " sport " involving animals dates all the way back to the tang dynasty and continued to the beginning of the 19th century ?
which date occurred first the end of riley hawk 's amateur career or end of production of skateboard magazine ?
what is the primary role of the position played by viktor raychev for lokomotiv sofia ?
in what part of scotland is bass rock located ?
what 1986 drama directed by lee doo-yong starred lee mi-sook ?
what is another name for a forest which has the hamlet of oakenclough on the edge of it ?
the cleveland thyagaraja festival is a type of festival that honors a type of music in what language ?
the head coach for the defensive backs coach , peter giunta , led what professional football team to two super bowl victories against the new england patriots ?
what is the capacity of the stadium that is the home ground of the lahore eagles ?
which building near piazza san fedele is the world 's oldest shopping mall ?
2002–03 inter milan season was marked by the arrival of what retired argentine footballer ?
who was the writer of the tamil-language romantic thriller film in which " pookkalae sattru oyivedungal " is a song ?
this high school located in the bronzeville neighborhood was named after a settler who was arrested by who ?
who wrote the tv serial in which rosemary martin played marjorie ?
what nationality is the man who developed the dictator game ?
a molera is a " hole " in the head of a breed of dog that comes in two what ?
when was the newspaper , in which the 1891 birthday honours list appeared on 30 may 1891 , adopt its current name ?
what is the birth name of nadeem siddique 's favorite boxer ?
which soccer club 's head coach was born august 1 , 1973 ?
in what year was the moldavian , later romanian writer , known for his work " the goat and her three kids " born ?
what is the title of the 1979 film adaptation of william shakespeare 's play in which the english poet , actor , political activist and dramatist who wrote wrote a number of book-length polemical poems such as " autogeddon " , " falling for a dolphin " and " whale nation " played a main character ?
what 's the name of the differential equation that was developed by the german physicist who was the doctoral advisor to another german physicist who identified the stark effect ?
which major australian city is close to the pelican point power station on the lefevre peninsula ?
what movie genre did emmanuelle vaugier play a supporting role in ?
meghan strange is an american actress and voice actress , known for her role as robin on what american animated television series produced for disney channel ?
ashes in the snow is a world war ii drama based on a best-seller novel that was translated to how many languages ?
where is the magazine headquartered that robert w. mcelroy writes for ?
which us state , historically dominated by the republican party from 1860 to 1932 is represented by state senator george d. maziarz ?
what soldier and statesman was also a brother to james fitzjames mother ?
what street was the adult entertainment district of the liberty tree district centered on ?
mount austin barracks is located near the peak tram terminus at what mountain that is also known as mount austin ?
what " virtual choir " -noted conductor has created works for the austin-based ensemble conspirare ?
which football player that topped the 10,000-yard career rushing mark has played for the new england patriots ?
" when a woman loves " is the first single by singer r. kelly from his eleventh studio album named what ?
before composing music for the game which contains chocobos and moogles , what cover band was he involved in ?
which position did enid blyton beat the man who is the u.s. representative for new york 's 3rd district to win ?
how far is sadie macdonald 's home town from sydney ?
which book by william a. dembski summarizes the concepts he introduced about intelligent design in another of his works ?
operation cold comfort was a failed raid by a special forces unit founded in what year ?
the kilby international awards were named after the inventor who discovered what electronics phenomenon ?
john hatzistergos was a member of a council that has how many members ?
the movie chariots of fire was based on the true story of which scottish christian athlete ?
which writer of the song " money , money , money " by pop group abba was born on 16 december 1946 ?
the 1948 commonwealth prime ministers ' conference was hosted by the prime minister from what british party ?
christopher " chris " fairbank provided voice talent for which 2006 british-american computer-animated action-adventure comedy film directed by david bowers and sam fell ?
which british independent private day school for boys did charles john godfrey saunders attend ?
in what year did the director of the lion king win the tony awards ?
which year was the more recent engine series , the honda k or honda h , introduced ?
in which poetic form is mad girl 's love song written and appears in the novel the bell jar by sylvia plath ?
a private university that beat georgetown during a basketball tournament is from what u.s. city ?
liam mcewan works with what uk monthly men 's lifestyle magazine ?
where was the original line of the railroad william howard worked for ?
" it 's me that you need " is a song with lyrics written by bernie taupin and which artist whose career spans five decades ?
who starred as an american attorney in grey gardens ?
cyrina fiallo has guest starred on which michael jacobs-created sitcom ?
which comic book character was originally written by vic bloom after appearing in " pep comics " ?
who wrote the book that inspired the name of the cd/dvd " here at the end of all things " ?
what is the global rank by population of the city that daewoong pharmaceutical co. , ltd is based in ?
in which war was the meuse-argonne offensive executed ?
what city did the musician whose debut album shares its title with the 1959 alfred hitchcock hail from ?
what coastal town in australia did army personnel robin reid and paul luckman kidnap and bring teenage boys to beat , torture , and sexually assault them ?
which castles , besides bamburgh castle , are located on the northeast coast of england ?
who co-founded view askew productions and produced numerous movies starring jason lee ?
which artist is known for his work on marvel team-up and batman : son of the demon ?
the creator of the lisa simpson character was born in what year ?
which nfl team did both don looney and desean jackson play for ?
what english rock band with guy garvey did joe duddell work with ?
" take me " is a song recorded by which american singer , actor , and producer who was one of the most popular and influential musical artists of the 20th century ?
william james " count " basie has an album that is a collection of musical pieces from what movie series ?
in what year was the narrator of " blackadder 's christmas carol " born ?
perry ellis played for the college team that competes in what conference ?
in what year did mets fans start taking new york city bus : q48 to watch home games ?
which character in the hunt for red october was played by the actor who made his film debut in the revolutionary
the synod of chester led to the battle of the same name that took place in what time period ?
everybody 's crazy was produced by michael bolton , what genre of music does everybody 's crazy fit into ?
who does the current pfa young player of the year currently play for ?
what is the birthday of the singer whose songs are remixed in queen of clubs trilogy : onyx edition ?
what player mentioned in " the breaks of the game " was inducted into the naismith memorial basketball hall of fame on may 10 , 1993 ?
the we the people amendment was introduced by the u.s. representative for what congressional district ?
aleksandr dugin , the father of fascism , came to prominence during which era in russia ?
robert allen " bob " case is best known for inspiring the naming of which initial area of low pressure developed off atlantic canada on october 29 ?
which new jersey-based manufacturer of suitcases and bags for travel is located in the shops at columbus circle in new york city ?
what liberal arts college has their athletic teams named the lincoln memorial railsplitters ?
what star if the burbs was canadian ?
guy pearce starred in which movie produced by marvel studios ?
what is the name of the hotel on the upper west side of new york city that housed a gay bathhouse ?
when was the former ibf world title holder born ?
what type of profession does jonah meyerson and alison pill have in common ?
what where both hawker hurricane and no . 1455 flight apart of ?
what band was the man who compiled the tracks for the early years a part of when they were inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame ?
jomar brun contributed to an operation designed to prevent what country from producing nuclear weapons ?
my babysitter 's a vampire was created by fresh tv , who also created which canadian animated sitcom which premiered in canada on november 7 , 2004 on teletoon ?
what resort in biloxi , mississippi does the chief operating officer of the largest single hotel in the united states oversee ?
the figure skater who was coached to olympic , world , and national titles by richard callaghan was born in what year ?
on what day did the battle that involved the gin drinkers line end ?
what is the day of the horse race of which espn covers both the post position draw and the undercard races ?
which of aaron goodwin client was born in may 31 , 1984 ?
were was the mexican state after which there is villa unión , sinaloa located ?
in which part of new york was the singer who released the song no problem raised ?
the sophia amalia was named after the wife of a king that ruled which two countries in 1648 ?
3teeth was the debut album for the opening act for the2016 tour with a headlining band that was formed in which california city ?
who opened gunnersby park and signed the munich agreement ?
the last republic serial made about a superhero stars what actor in the title role ?
what term was used in the north-west derby to disparge their rivals ?
the 53rd national hockey league all-star game took place at the indoor arena that was completed in what year ?
when was the cast member in the title role " the real housewives of beverly hills " and her staff at vanderpump 's west hollywood , california , restaurant sur born ?
james stuart became a specialist of a rhythmic pattern charecterised by what ?
hugo rodríguez romero is a spanish footballer who plays for a team in the autonomous community of what ?
broadbent arena and freedom hall are landmarks of which u.s. city ?
who beacme a star as a comic book character created by gerry conway and bob oksner ?
who directed the second film in a british series of action comedy film parodying the james bond secret agent genre with comedy similar to rowan atkinson 's mr. bean character ?
who performed on an album named " runaljod - ragnarok " and a film named " flukt " ?
which how to steal a million actor attended the royal academy of dramatic art ?
which tv series directed and written by the same person as " buffy the vampire slayer " starred tahmoh penikett ?
what was the significance of the lions , about whom a fictionalized account provided the basis of the film , the ghost and the darkness ?
who did a new permanent member on the fourteenth season of so you think you can dance play in high school musical ?
how many members did joseph yablonski 's union have in 2014 ?
what is the name of the show that the man that was drafted eighth overall in the 1995 nfl draft co-hosts ?
what school was the actress who appeared with michelle williams in the last play by russian playwright anton chekhov attending when she was signed on for a talent holding deal ?
which british music producer and engineer is notable for working wih an english electronic band having the founders : dave gahan , martin gore , and andy fletcher ?
in which year did baek bong-ki appear in the south korean drama film set in a high school ?
where was the danish colony , in which the scandinavian collectors club claims as part of their region and includes the islands of saint thomas , located ?
harry emerson fosdick was called to serve as pastor at a church that opened its doors on what date ?
an actor who appeared in all eight " american pie films " stared alongside which actor in armed and dangerous ?
what year was the actor son of jeremiah porter born ?
giovanni carmazzi was a backup quarterback for which nfc west team ?
what cast member of flashbacks of a fool was educated at bryanston school in blandford , dorset ?
what stone cube , meaning " stumbling stone " , was designed by an american public affairs campaigner ?
which austrian chancellor does jörg leichtfried serve under ?
in which province is the city located that is the birthplace of ed wubbe ?
where was the private university that alan hurwitz served as the 10th president located ?
what ruben fleischer film did no one 's gon na love you appear in ?
what is the current capital of the district that michael " mike " campbell is from ?
when does the universe , earth , and all life on earth were created as believed by an organization which commissioned the voyage that shook the world ?
ferrari 360 was replaced by the sports car that debuted at what event ?
spongebob squarepants 4d : the great jelly rescue was a sequel to which cel-shaded film found at aquariums and theme parks ?
what was the 15th comedy album by the star of the 1960s series i spy ?
which rock band based in louisville , kentucky released their second studio album in 2004 ?
caleb kelly plays for a football team with whom as head coach ?
what three other national forests are administered by the same people who administer the park in which the art loeb trail runs through ?
what is the birthdate of this uruguayan former footballer , who management team consists of charlie oatway ?
what judge who was on the show " dancing with the stars " was born on the 31st of march , 1963 ?
where did otto von bismarck and ludwig friedrich leopold von gerlach originate ?
the chicken is a type of dance pattern that is a change of pace of what dance ?
what exit of garden state parkway should you take in order to get to the seacourt pavilion ?
what company headquartered in whitley , coventry , united kingdom will start production in nitra in 2018 ?
in the the simpsons episode " principal charming , homer invites a character over for dinner who is voiced by whom ?
which bi-weekly publication ranked schreiber foods as number 81 in 2016 .
what is the name of the series who 's first season was released on netflix on september 22 , 2016 and stars actor pronounced as john-a-kite ?
what was the nickname of the english monarch that petruccio ubaldini presented one of his books ?
is it just me ? was a single by the english rock band from what suffolk city ?
who was born first , brooklyn decker or andy roddick ?
which country is home to alsa mall and spencer plaza ?
the htc u11 major carrier is sprint , but it can be unlocked for this texas company that is world 's largest telecommunications provider ?
which conference is the team for which justin bannan played college football currently a member of ?
which indian actor is best known for his role in the film tadakha following his debut in the 2009 film josh ?
what is the english translation of the noodle similar to taglierini that is not tagliatelle ?
blues to the bush is an album by the who that can still be found on what e-commerce platform that was founded in 1995 ?
what company has a headquarters in whitley , convernty , united kingdom ?
in what city did jack j. stephans coach from 1979 to 1980 ?
how many beer brands are in the portfolio of the company that hired leonardus ( leo ) petrus beukeboom to decorate cafes ?
where is the university of north carolina at wilmington , population 112,067 located ?
when is the birthday of the british-irish heiress who worked on the optimist in black studio album ?
which english-born australian singer/songwriter was a judge on season 8 of australia 's got talent ?
where is the group of islands named after purdue university 's professor of forest ecology from 1947 to 1973 ?
which county was included in the diocese of reno and was also the county seat of ormsby county prior to 1969 ?
aside from the ivorian who was born in 1986 , what other big name footballer has gone through the fc bibo ?
what british made dance competition television series franchise did claudia albertario appear on ?
what role did slim dunlap take when he joined the minnesota band the replacements in 1987 ?
this american film and stage actor played the self-destructive soldier prewitt in fred zinnemann 's 1953 film that centers around which event ?
" tunak " , is a bhangra/pop love song by an artist born in which year ?
the rainmaker starred the actor who has been nominated for how many british academy film awards ?
who is the host of wall of fame known for his partnership with ?
who directed the 1940 film in which john arledge appeared ?
the story of them featuring van morrison is a compilation album recorded by what northern irish band formed in belfast in april 1964 ?
at the 66th academy awards , the awards for technical achievements were presented by what host who was nominated for best actress for " rambling rose " ?
when was the composer who created peter schmoll und seine nachbarn born ?
what surrounding river in a canadian province was erin wall born near ?
who has more victories chelsea or manchester united ?
robin pingeton replaced cindy stein as head coach of which university women 's basketball team ?
when was the head coach representing the eastern conference during the 2000 nba all-star game born ?
who won the 1981 cart ppg indy car world series in avondale arizona ?
which town is the venue , in which the apra music awards of 2009 were held , located ?
what type of plane is the four engine heavy bomber , first introduced in 1938 for the united states army , which is hangared at conroe north houston regional airport ?
on what date did the geological event , that caused the 2011 japanese motorcycle grand prix to be rescheduled , take place ?
john e. echohawk is a leading member in a social movement that wants to reverse what ?
a car-tune portrait was released on june 26 , 1937 , the cartoon gives an imaginative take on which second in a set of works by composer franz liszt ?
in what year did the american record company established in 1958 release a record co-produced by adam faith ?
which indian businessman and politician owns mabula game reserve
queen elizabeth grammar school , wakefield is a type of secondary school that caters to children of what age cohort ?
which south african born singer featured the musical revue " sigh no more " ?
paddington is a television program based on the books that first appeared on what date ?
which cloth town in the high middle ages gives the name to the dye associated with the man who is said to rob from the rich and give to the poor ?
eugene rosenburg , who founded the hologenome theory of evolution is a microbiologist as what university ?
what nationality was oliver reed 's character in the film royal flash ?
augustus jesse bowie jr was the innovator of the switch that was crucial to leading to the passage of which federal legislation in 1936 ?
what tv series did benny ciaramello co-star in with a person that was also in the film " the bang-bang club " ?
which album was released first , " talk that talk " or " loud " ?
when did an indycar race driver drive a formula 1 car designed by peter mccool ?
with the help of adam lambert , josh abraham has sold how many albums worldwide ?
the amsterdam tournament 2009 was contested by what club that plays their home games at the wanda metropolitano ?
what car did the german rally driver , who won victories for fiat , opel , lancia , and audi drive ?
what colors are worn by the oregon duck , mascot of the university of oregon athletic teams ?
the actor that plays joe macmillan in " halt and catch fire " also starred with carrie coon in what 2017 horror film ?
what kind of song did alexander grant produce for eminem ?
what was the previous occupation of the canadian-born indian-american actress and model who appeared in tina & lolo alongside karishma tanna ?
" the empire builder " 's columbia river subdivision was part of which line ?
john t. mather memorial hospital is located in a village in what suffolk county , new york town ?
where in greek mythology was the father of benthesikyme venerated as a chief deity ?
what new york city–based hip-hop musical group consists of rappers including darryl hill ?
what is the financial group which created the sporting portugal fund ?
the 2012–13 boston celtics season was marred by an occurence which took the lives of how many people ?
ckm wz . 25 hotchkiss was a polish derivative of what machine gun that became the standard machine gun of the french army during world war i ?
what is the nationality of the actor who costarred with joe chen and jia nailiang in " destined to love you " ?
what is peter daou 's website 's slogan ?
graveraet river is a tributary of a lake that is shared between which us states ?
how much change in elevation is there at the site of the 1999 fia gt hockenheim 500km ?
who authorized this infantry that was organized in the northern states during the civil war and was commanded by robert gould shaw ?
the 43d air mobility operations group is stationed at which largest military installation ?
willie geist frequently serves as fill-in anchor on " today " for a tv journalist that was the host of what show from 1980-86 ?
during what years did the railroad that had a station stop in ringling , montana operate ?
roger stuart woolhouse is a biographer of a philosopher commonly known as what ?
who portrays rachel zane on the american legal comedy-drama that airs on usa network ?
st anne 's academy is an 11–18 mixed comprehensive academy is located in a town that had how many inhabitants in 2011 ?
william sidney sid hatfield was the police chief of matewan , west virginia during a shootout between local coal miners and the baldwin-felts detective agency that is referred to as what ?
what album did r.kelly release the same year as producing " these are special times " for celine dion .
who captained the team popularly referred to as the shaheens during the teams test match against the new zealand national cricket team ?
scientific games corporation makes the type of games that are composed of what ?
which american musician , principally known for his work as guitarist , vocalist and songwriter released the voice of reason album ?
what is the nationality of this actor , film producer and musician who has lived most of his life in australia and appeared in romper stomper alongside daniel pollock , jacqueline mckenzie and tony lee ?
what uniform number was the umpire wearing when " pudge " hit a home run in game 6 of the 1975 world series ?
which persons private jet called trump force one which is built by boeing commercial airplanes and is the manufacturer 's largest single aisle passenger aircraft that is produced from 1981 to 2004 ?
what group did the 253 west 125th street-contest winner spyder turner sing back up for ?
which american sketch comedy television series starring john c. reilly was produced by abso lutely productions ?
the founder of the metroplex record label attending high school in what city ?
1920 politics was a republican political strategy to reassert the authority of the white race in which us state ?
the largest lake in new hampshire sits how many vertical feet lower than lake kanasatka ?
what types of activities occur in both the bennington and bridgewater triangles ?
the poem " soleil et chair " was influenced by this roman poet and philosopher who has only one known work about the tenets and philosophy of epicureanism ?
who resides in the palace that was the inspiration for the kensington system 's name ?
what nationality is the director of the 1971 film wake in fright ?
faith goldy got fired after an interview she gave on what production site edited by andrew anglin ?
what is the character 's name for which anna leonidovna kovalchuk won a prize in the legal festival " law and society " ?
what is the estimated population of the city in which the suburb of beaumont is located ?
john valliant ’ s work has appeared in which outdoor-focused magazine whose first issue was published in september 1977 ?
josé rubia barcia published a great number of books and articles on a spanish poet , playwright , and what ?
what taylor swift song released december 7 , 2008 was written by the same writer as " you belong to me " ?
what was muammar mohammed abu minyar gaddafi 's title during the libyan civil war ?
which kaboom ! entertainment inc. film is based on a story by rudyard kipling ?
which award did the tunisian-dutch actor that starred in collide win ?
what was mary edna gonzález sexuality ?
how did the singer of pyramid rise to fame ?
thomas francis murphy had a role in which 2008 comedy film ?
operalia , the world opera competition helped launch the career of an operatic soprano of what nationality ?
from what county is steven avery , wrongfully convicted man on which the documentary making a murderer is based ?
bank street is sandwiched between the headquarters of the hongkong and shanghai banking corporation and which other building ?
the player who laid motionless for ten minutes in the todd bertuzzi–steve moore incident was born in which year ?
lost kingdom adventure is a dark ride located at four legoland theme parks , including which park , which is the original legoland park , that was opened on june 7th , 1968 ?
what was held in 2011 at the same stadium where the seventeenth edition of the iaaf world championships is scheduled to be held in 2019 ?
in 1992 spengler cup all matches were played at the home arena of what professional swiss ice hockey club
thea ruth white is best known for her voice over work as muriel bagge on an american animated horror comedy television series created for who ?
the 2003 south australian national football league grand final saw the central district bulldogs defeat a football club whose home base is currently known as what ?
typically how many pages were in the fiction magazine in which robert e. howard wrote in 1930s ?
walt disney world quest : magical racing tour includes the space-themed roller coaster that was opened on what date ?
what airline was a monopoly with a hub at sheremetyevo international airport ?
be quick '28 football club is locayed in what province ?
what role is played by john travolta in the film that greatly influenced the two dances , the disco fox and the hustle ?
where is the american hip hop group , that released the song " redeye to paris " , from ?
what was the nationality of the composer of chaconne in f minor ?
in what year was the college that cal hovde served as dean for founded ?
who died and had his dog wait in japan for him for 9 years after his death ?
who was the lead french actor who starred in the 1986 film that inspired a stella artois ad campaign ?
what german philosopher , economist and political theorist was jakob lukas schabelitz a friend and associate of ?
gerd neggo trained under the founder of which type of dance analysis ?
who was born first , liam cunningham or michael fassbender ?
what monthly magazine , published by asis international , includes articles on topics of computer security ?
which f beer brewed in the pajottenland region american wild ale similar to
viva media ag changed it 's name in 2004. what does their new acronym stand for ?
where is the international airport which eagle aviation wet lease operations were based in located
the lisbon traviata revolves around fans of the soprano who was of what nationality ?
national strategy for homeland security was a response to the events that partially took place at what arlington county , virginia location ?
wdal is a country music radio station licensed to a city in what georgia county ?
king of norway magnus barefoot launched aggressive military campaigns in this region that was at times independent of external control and was known to the norse as what ?
what philosophy related to creationism is paul nelson noted for ?
what type of license is the open source roguelike video game video released 2012 , in which a subset of it 's pricing model is a called free-to-play , licensed under ?
when did the university , of which the dove marine laboratory is a part , gain university status ? ?
the zapruder film shows president john f. kennedy 's motorcade as it passed through a plaza that was named anational historic landmark in what year ?
evil controllers was featured on game informer who was published by which monthly video magazine corporation ?
how many albums does the duo who sang " yesterday once more " have ?
what is a popular industry in the neighborhood of willow vale , new south wales ?
who , born february 20 , 1983 , played for the monarchs and in the world series ?
frank sindone helped plot the murder of a family mob boss , what was this boss 's nickname ?
the church of st peter in pertenhall , bedfordshire , england was added to this register on 13 july 1964 .
which constituent college of the university of oxford in england was francis leighton warden of ?
calling all dawns includes the theme for the game " civilization iv , " written by whom ?
what service is an amtrak flagship that includes bwi rail station as one of its amtrak intercity services ?
did ed sullivan ever work anywhere other than the new york daily news ?
what is cyaxares relationship to the man that governed for 53 years ?
which late 1980s and 1990s english super model was featured in the song nasty girl by the notorious b.i.g . ?
why did rudolf hess stop serving hitler in 1941 ?
what other school is located in the same suburb as the ghana police college ?
who did the 39th vice president of the united states serve under ?
this fox news specialist host also took over what fox business channel news program in 2013 ?
what type of media does jeff rona and veeram have in common ?
what was the official religion of the lands of the husband of dorothea of denmark , duchess of prussia ?
what year did the movement that tess asplund protested in the viral image of her with her fist in the air disband ?
what episode did mona penelope simpson on the animated show " the simpsons " die ?
who starred in my dog skip and malcolm in the middle ?
what man , born in 1963 , was instrumental in bringing the boston red sox to the stadium city of palms park in fort myers , florida ?
which was secretary to president richard nixon : rose mary woods or h. r. haldeman ?
george tawengwa was the first black person to buy a farm located in a country now known as which country ?
what key role did the stadium 's snowplow operated play in the game following the dolphins win against the minnesota vikings ?
who is the star of the 2003 comedy that has a single from candycoatedwaterdrops on its soundtrack ?
which goal scoring player in the 1992 fa cup final was welsh ?
park seo-joon is best known for his role in a series that premiered on what month and day ?
what actor from the show murphy brown also had a role in a show with fellow actor steve howey ?
what are the symptoms of the virus identified by robert purcell ?
pak sao is a technique in the martial art specializing in what type of fighting ?
in which state is stewart nozette imprisoned ?
what was the name of the lawyer who took the main role in the report that helped land pete rose a lifetime suspension from baseball ?
in which series did jacky ickx , the belgian ferrari driver , win more races - formula one or the le mans 24 hours ?
" coming over " is the second japanese single album by a boy group that debuted in what year ?
in the summer of 1972 , " metal guru " was the last uk number one for t. rex and its lead singer . what was his name ?
according to the 2010 census , what was the population of the city after which the vice president , in april 1813 , was named ?
what country of origin does shawnee trail and great indian warpath have in common ?
which " novel with a key " was written by john ehrlichman about the cia , base on events leading up to the watergate coverup ?
author of the popular " getting started in electronics " founded micro instrumentation and telemetry systems ( mits ) in what state ?
who is the son of john button under contract with as a driver ?
who wrote bring me sunshine and where did they write it ?
what sort of activist is the author of the irrational atheist ?
in what year was the football club for which reuven niemeijer plays founded ?
what two countries headquarter the clothing company that the photographer " facehunter " contributed to ?
when was the club formed , for which adam johnson played as well as middlesbrough and watford ?
which air force member was behind enemy lines for 11 1/2 days and had the largest , longest and most complex rescue mission ?
musical artist diabolic and vinnie paz , who was featured on diabolic 's second studio album fightin ' words , are both what type of musicians ?
which song reached number 3 on the " billboard " hot 100 that featured guest vocals fron allessia cara and khalid ?
for which football club , established in 1949 , did mitch duggan have a loan spell prior to joining tranmere rovers ?
how much argentina currency was involved in boudougate ?
who created the series in which liza weil played bonnie winterbottom ?
who starred in the 1991 american action comedy film the hard way and was featured on the roster of rawkus records ?
nell williams plays a younger version of this character in hbo 's game of thrones that is also in which fantasy novel series written by george r.r . martin ?
100 indviduals with the surname 'preradovic ' died at which concentration camp that straddled the southern border of the hasburg monarchy ?
who was the " king of denmark , the vends and the goths , elected king of norway 's " brother ?
what is the population of the county rockingham county which little bay bridge meet the river between it
what language , traditionally written with the ancient libyco-berber script , is closely related to the tumzabt and teggargrent languages ?
no issue , lelo tissue was started by which company that has the largest mobile network in pakistan ?
in which florida city is skyplex being constructed , featuring skyscraper , the tallest rollercoaster in the world ?
where was the opera , which was the subject of after aida , first performed ?
den tagayasu lived in the town that was bombed on which dates ?
shannon purser played the role of june acosta in a 2017 horror film directed by who ?
what contest did drew barry 's younger brother win in 1996 ?
what was the 2010 population of the town where black crescent mountain was located ?
bridgewater trustees major source of income came from a canal that was commissioned by whom/
what is this subfamily within the cat family felidae named by reginald innes pocock that is descendant of pseudaelurus ?
in what city is the company that fastjet tanzania was originally founded as a part of prior to rebranding based ?
what are the colors of the tricolour flag that was adopted in 1919 ?
where is the usual main ingredient of hákarl normally found ?
which town was home to a forward for the western new york flash ?
what nationality was the jaguar r2 driver , eddie irvine ?
which river flows next to the german town where the music project " i drink my coffee alone " by alex gazin originates from ?
when " good night " was aired on " the simpsons 138th epsiode spectacular , " which actress did the voice of the character named after matt groening 's mother ?
which partner of jash was born in 1970 ?
the six arms saga was written by the former editor-in-chief of what company ?
in the 2004 united states senate election , re-election was won by what american plitician who was first elected in 1998 , defeating what three-term republican incumbent ?
gemma rovira ortega translated into spanish the 2007 and 2008 best selling book in spain as well as which series by patrick rothfuss ?
what deepdale area football club did andy pilling play for ?
oklahoma state cowboys are part of what ncaa division ?
han chae-young was in the 2009 drama that aired on what network ?
henry josey played college football at " the zou " - more commonly known as what ?
japanese destroyer oite participated in what conflict that ended with the surrender of the american forces to the empire of japan ?
who selected the quarterback in the 1999 nfl draft , two spots after all american tim couch ?
what was the nationality of the author of " the sunlight on the garden " ?
riaz-ur-rehman saghar wrote songs for the pakistani singer who has performed at what us venue ?
the 2016 san jose state spartans football team were members of a ncaa conference that officially began operations in what year ?
one of fingerprint file 's key ingredients is the highly jazz/funk-oriented bass guitar played by a musician born in which year ?
what player was the first overall pick in the 2004 nfl draft and had the manning field named after him ?
what television show was , based , on an 1908 novel by lucy maud montgomery ? anne .
which canadian corporation , founded in march , 1994 , is a major tenant of the station mall is sault ste . marie ?
what african country is bordered by libya and the sudan and is known for the dar sila region ?
which member of odd future also had a guest appearance on the album too cozy ?
the oppenheimer security hearing explored the associations of the wartime head of which laboratory ?
which city in the miami metropolitan area is home to the primetime race group ?
driven to perform has a sponsor that includes the electronics store chain from what country ?
which group of people in west africa with significant populations in ghana , ivory coast , liberia and sierra leone use the ida ?
where has kerwin swint 's work appeared that draws 20.5 million unique visitors a month ?
what city does the company that owns bumble and bumble have its headquarters in ?
who was the ruler ousted by the 30th prime minister of cambodia after khmer rouge 's victory over the lon nol government ?
what country of origin does robert brothers and jacques charles have in common ?
when was the conference the the 1998 west virginia mountaineers football team was part of created ?
what danish sports club based in copenhagen did striker søren lindsted start his career at ?
the show featuring a young boy named gerald bald z premiered on what tv channel ?
dance and laugh amongst the rotten is a studio album by a band from which country ?
what is the river that sangin is found in the valley of the primary watershed for ?
when was the russian composer who composed " prisoner of the caucasus " born ?
which 2017 american 3d film was written by cinco paul and ken daurio ?
what profession does 2007 formula 3 euro series and romain grosjeanhave in common ?
joan baez 's hit recording from quad studios nashville originally featured lead vocals from what member of the band ?
what is the meaning of the name of the town where jack briggs was born ?
which actress is " beyond rangoon " was also in " true romance " and " ed wood ? "
any questions for ben ? was directed by which australian producer and actor ?
the ranters were a loose collection of radical so-called heretics whose main objection was with what major division of christendom ?
which fc barcelona signee was a contender for the rookie of the year award when he played for the timberwolves ?
what type of boat was the german submarine u-505 that was captured by the u.s. navy in 1944 ?
from 2015 to 2016 , jill marie jones starred in a starz horror-comedy series set in the " evil dead " universe created by who ?
what was the american computer-animated fantasy film which aron warner produced based on
the water-based dark ride in walt disney is connected to a song known for what ?
kim dong-won 's directorial debut film was a sequal to what 2001 film ?
what caused the death of over 250 people in accra , ghana ?
st mary 's school in pune , india was run for over 100 years by what organization started by the reverend william john butler ?
what town did sean robert francis play in as part of the most successful club in the republic of ireland ?
which name adopted by african-american activist allen donaldson co-found black power movement of the 1960s and 1970s
which of the castle along the flow of river fiddich is a ruined castle near dufftown in the moray region of scotland ?
the most popular temple in terms of attractions is located in what part of the city ?
what was the english football club tottenham hotspur that leonard francis played for commonly referred to as ?
" one less set of footsteps " is a song written and performed by a singer born in which year ?
where is the basketball team that mike dinunno plays for based ?
what was the 2016 population of the city on the bay fundy which had an office of the bank of british north america ?
skyjump las vegas is located at a hotel on what street ?
jessica jones is a television series created for netflix , the second in the series of the shows that lead to " the defenders " miniseries after what show released on netflix earlier ?
who did the actor that plays sean tully defeat in a dancing contest ?
what did pioneer 4 fly by before inserting into the type orbit that planets of the solar system are in around the sun ?
what is the name of the second largest car rental company , that also has another low cost car rental company it oversees ?
what other country does the league that taylor eric kemp played in represents the sport 's highest level besides the united states ?
how many people live in the county serviced by the collier area transit system ?
" clydebuilt " is on the south bank of what river ?
what party was the secretary of commerce and housing under the 42 governor of kansas ?
where is a football club which aly mohamed play for from
kevin house jr. played professionally for the team that is in what nfl conference ?
raiffeisen zentralbank is the central institution of one a group of co-operative banks in austria . what is the name of the other group ?
what 1944 bollywood film was the mother of bollywood actor govinda in ?
who is the television producer who created a 2011 american film based on a novel by hunter s thompson ?
by what name is the king that gothard wilhelm butler was captain of the guard for known in poland ?
spawn , a fictional character who mustafa shakir has expressed interest in playing , was created by ?
in what european city is a location of the college from which the woman known as comic book girl 19 received her degree ?
what was the size of the 1700 cascadia earthquake predicted by kenji satake ?
carlos alberto hurtado played on loan from a mexican team which plays where ?
the casino owner who was focused on the documentary nobody speak : trials of the free press focuses belongs to which nationality ?
which group did masta kill released selling my soul under ?
the royal anthem is changed from what to " long live our noble duke " ?
what is the origin of the national space olympiad and kalpana chawla ?
when was the new orleans pelicans player featured on the nba 2k16 cover first drafted ?
the 2014 all-pac-12 conference football team featured players from the team led by which second-year head coach , who led his team to the conference title ?
what cuban american baseball player was suspended in the new steroid policy of the 2005 major league baseball season ?
the german software corporation who has established remote function call ( rfc ) has its headquarters in what city ?
in which year did this russian actress who produced and performed in the 1922 american silent drama film " a doll 's house " immigrate to the united states ?
the cnn-news18 indian of the year award was created by sagarika ghose and a news anchor born in what year ?
which district includes the island in new york city 's east river which pete grannis represented in the new york state assembly ?
where was the think tank founded by a neoconservative political analyst born in 1952 established ?
when was the retired jamaican sprinter which richard thompson is , 0.99 seconds slower than born ?
who did an actress from the secret of nimh play in a patch of blue ?
in addition to his role in the fattest man in britain , bobby ball is best known for his half of the doublt act cannon and ball with which other comedian ?
akademik lomonosov was named after a russian polymath , scientist , and writer , who discovered the atmosphere of what planet ?
how many members were in the south korean boy group whose first official sub-unit is bastarz ?
what stye of martial arts did royler gracie tutor maurcio villardo ?
who directed the 2014 american biographical survival drama film which laura elizabeth dern was nominated for the academy award for best supporting actress in
what is part of an alternate title to a three 6 mafia song and is slang for a concoction which includes prescription-strength cough syrup also known as purple drank ?
what was the first film scored by the man who composed the soundtrack for udhayam nh4 ?
how many times have the team that won the 11th dfb-pokal won the national championship ?
what 2003 christmas-themed romantic comedy did gregor fisher have a role in ?
arrêtez-moi is a film in which film genre , known for suspense and anxiety ?
alex da kid worked on an a track with eminem released in what year ?
how many books are in the text composed by the founder nyaya school of hindu philosophy and is used in the development of indian logic ?
beer wars covers the differences between large corporate breweries , and small breweries , such as what brewery that is headquartered in escondido , california ?
" call me mañana " is a song by a group that has sold how many records ?
the movie " a cure for wellness " was a science fiction ?
who is the manufacturer of the plane that shot down jameel sayhood ?
which director won an academy award for best director for his work on the film , " midnight cowboy ? "
which college football team for the university of oregon did enoka lucas played for
what position did the 2004 world series of poker gold bracelet holder have in the 2011 epic poker league ?
what year did a blacklisted screenwriter share an academy award with michael kanin ?
when was the earliest known pottery created in the country which was the native land of admiral yi sun-sin , who conducted the battle of happo ?
what year was the man , who is credited for developing a crescograph , born ?
löwenbräu and bürgerbräukeller are both located where ?
where is the vanderbilt mansion which ochre point–cliffs historic district is its home located
where is the head quarter of the blue bird body company ?
the musical composer of manru was a spokesman for what country 's independence ?
what is the subsidiary of the record company who released " love incredible ? "
which american spy thriller tv series , which was developed by howard gordon and alex gansa , had a fourth season episode titled " krieg nicht lieb ? "
robert earl holding owned an oil company that was originally founded by who ?
what band formed in 1995 and came out with an album called " welcome interstate managers ' ?
what was the capacity of the stadium that colección privada that was filmed on october 10 , 2000 ?
figure 2 ranch airport supports launch operations of what aerospace manufacturer and space flight services company ?
matthew wright was selected with pick # 33 in the afl draft that took place during what date in 2009 ?
garth richardson is the son of the producer who worked for which group that evolved from the iveys ?
who was the director behind the cirque du soleil show in las vegas that was first performed on december 25 , 1993 ?
what is the original name of the place where the 1st minnesota light artillery battery mustered ?
which of the systems that uses the redboot is a double-deck , wide-body , four-engine jet airliner manufactured by european manufacturer airbus ?
who narrates the documentary television series that features the largest airline in the united kingdom based on fleet size ?
what group of participants that carried of operation neptune spear is sometimes referred to in the u.s. media as a special mission unit ?
ralf popken had a role in a musical that is a satire on corruption in the administration of criminal justice , bringing what concept to light ?
peter jackson is emeritus professor of medieval history at a public research university founded in 1949 as what ?
along side thomas alan , which singer 's first three albums were recorded at the boarding house ?
nuestra belleza méxico 2010 was crowned by the winner of what other 2010 pageant , the winner of which was crowned on 23 august 2010 ?
beyond the hoax : science , philosophy , and culture , is by what professor of mathematics at university college london ?
jay-z released his 1996 rolling stone-rated " 500 greatest " album on which record labels ?
which terrorist group was the cause of the battle in which mark e. michell won an award for his actions ?
the coach of the karachi kings , mickey arthur , is of what decent ?
which actress , who debuted in friday night lights also starred in the river why ?
what type of building does jim bartels and ʻiolani palace have in common ?
what kind of music did firework 's artist make before getting into pop ?
what type of radio stations played songs by the group who released the album holiday harmony ?
what professional baseball player who played for the brooklyn robbins in 1928 and 1929 , attended college in denton , texas ?
in ancient egyptian religion how would a citizen be weighted to decide if they where worthy of damnation and would face the torment in the lake of fire ?
what are the publishing years of this american and new york based film magazine published by hachette filipacchi media u.s. , where april bernard worked as senior editor ?
what is the gross leasable area of the shopping mall served by the merrick boulevard buses ?
what actor whose birth name was charles dennis buchinsky , was part of the leslie nielsen comedy ?
what major landform lended its name to both the blue ridge music center , and american 's longest linear park ?
the lucy maud montgomery novel about the character anne shirley was first translated into japanese by what woman ?
what is this fictional scientifically and technologically advanced militaristic alien race , from which sequoia descends , is called ?
annozero had a collaborator who is a member of which ancient aristocratic house ?
what friday night programming block included what collective series that includes " whatever happened to ... robot jones ? " ?
the primary jockey of binocular was champion jockey how many consecutive times ?
sms emden mounted a symbol on her stem-head from what kingdom ?
in what year did the playwright who wrote " the city heiress " die ?
thursday night showcase is sponsored by the firm that is headquartered in what city ?
the fictional private detective that appears in " the adventure of the seven clocks " what written by whom ?
which republican chairman was born june 1 , 1956 ?
who won the special election in 2014 to replace bill young ?
who provided the source material for the 2015 australian revenge comedy-drama film in which rebecca gibney featured ?
the 1991–92 nba season included an achilles tendon injury to which nine-time nba all-star ?
grammy winner for song of the year , also put out a 1971 album by the carpenters , but what song did he win an academy award for best original songs ?
new hampshire northcoast corporation interchanges cars with which holding company of class ii regional railroads ?
the father of manning marius kimmel retired from the navy in what year ?
who is older charles r. black jr. or paul manafort ?
what university did the winner of the 2014 cfl 's most outstanding defensive player award attend ?
what single was released by a american country singer , songwriter and multi-instrumentalist on mca nashville in 2000 ?
what was the position in the united states army of the lieutenant general that confederate general robert e. lee surrendered to ?
who is the sister of princess zein and the daughter of a british woman ?
what minnesota county is the university of minnesota in ?
how many personnel does the navy that had gilliam-class atttack transports have on active duty ?
stig lennart blomqvist drove which car produced by german automobile manufacturer ?
what electoral division in victoria contained a suburb of melbourne with a population of 25,147 at the 2016 census ?
when did the car depicted on the cover of pentastar : in the style of demons cease production ?
when was the younger brother of farshid karimi born ?
honeymoon academy starred robert hays , which award did his co-star win ?
the comedian who starred in " gone are the dayes " made his big break in which show ?
which star of a family affair was born in september of 1948 ?
sony/philips digital interface format can transmit over what toshiba optical fiber connector system ?
which british engineering company is best known for its luxury motor cars in the era of british history that covers the brief reign of king edward vii ?
sadok sassi played for a national team that made its first world cup in what year ?
mount gunnison was named in honor of an explorer born in what year ?
stephen smith appears on espn first take alongside which hbo boxing commentator ?
inductivism was a scientific method attributed to a man that served in what two capacities ?
raúl arellano played for mexico in which football tournament in 1954 ?
aleksandras stulginskis ' successor held office between what dates ?
the northern circuit dates from a year when a king of england married to whom sent his justices on circuit ?
what is the english translation of the tier four league that tsv schilksee was promoted to in 2014 , following a league championship in the schleswig-holstein-liga ?
how was ada lovelace , the first computer programmer , related to lord byron in childe byron ?
the midland regional hospital in managed by what cabinet that exercises executive authority in the republic of ireland ?
with whom was a notable partner of elena krykanova a two-time olympic champion with ?
which austrian and later american chess master who was also a highly influential writer and chess theoretician competed for the first contest that was defined " in advance " as being for the world championship ?
grigori 3 's music is commonly compared to an american rock band founded in what year ?
what show does the host of the 2011 teen choice awards ceremony currently star on ?
kung fu magoo is a mexican-american animated action comedy film with an english voice cast star best known for her roll as what in " naruto " ?
a. n. prabhu deva is the former vice chancellor of a university located in what state ?
which band did this american businessman , music publisher , writers ' representative , filmmaker and record label executive manage while simultaneously managing this group of the album " more hot rocks ? "
bill mccollum took a leadership role in the senate trial that began on which date ?
rawlins park is a small public park in a neighborhood that got its name due to what ?
which football club appeared in the 2015 fa community shield cup , as well as , the 2014–15 premier league championship ?
what is the name of the role that cleo demetriou played in the series so awkward ?
live acoustic america features a cover of a beatles song that peaked at what number in the united kingdom ?
nikhil nanda is the son of the insurance advisor in what business ?
æthelweard was an author of a latin version of which collection of old english annals ?
the languages hussein ali mahfouz studied are spoken by how many people ?
co-dependents ' day is an episode of a tv show season which began when ?
which member of the music group guy spearheaded the fusion genre new jack swing with bernard belle in the 1980 's ?
what are the anchor stores for the shopping mall constructed by c.j . segerstrom & sons in california ?
the clavivox was invented by an american composer who was born harry warnow in what year ?
this aircraft carrier served as a recovery ship for this flight which circled the earth how many times ?
what is the name of this american entrepreneur-businessman and author from michigan , who incumbent governor jennifer granholm was elected over in the 2005 michigan gubernatorial election ?
what american actress stars in tainted ?
what was the third studio album released by richard melville hall ?
the oera linda book is a manuscript written in a language spoken between what centuries ?
where is the city and " comune " in emilia-romagna in which talian renaissance painter ; ludovico mazzolino located
where are the main administrative offices of the institute located where k. s. babu earned his phd in 1986 ?
what year did the director of " madadayo " die ?
when was the author of " albert speer : his battle with truth " convicted ?
wolf and sheep was screened at which 2016 film festival ?
who was undefeated since the athens games with 28 medals ?
dianne hiles is the current australian greens candidate for which 1968 federal proclamation ?
what year did a russian soprano opera singer born in october 1926 leave russia with her cellist husband and daughter ?
the 2013–14 phoenix suns season brought back a player who now plays for what team ?
vices and virtues , coincidentally released just four days after " vices & virtues " by las vegas band panic ! at the disco , was the second studio album by which canadian rock band ?
who voices homer simpson 's character on the animated television series ?
fort snelling spurred growth of saint paul was located in this county ?
which american artist , who also illustrated works by bill nye and george w. peck , illustrated an 1876 novel by mark twain about a young boy growing up along the mississippi river ?
both bo diddley and the yardbirds played which common genre of music during their careers ?
the southernmost administrative region of denmark is well-known for creating what products ?
jim betts ran against the first american to orbit what ?
luther : the calling is based on the bbc crime drama comprising six episodes that were run in which year ?
what type of place does regency road , adelaide and klemzig , south australia have in common ?
reggaetón lento is a song by the boy band formed on which date ?
what team is coached by former head college coach connie yori ?
what medieval fortress is believed to refer to a chapel at the bottom of a hill ?
who was the biological father of the emperor who built the nemi ships ?
the last run is a drama film that stars which lithuanian-american actor ?
what was the manager for the 1891 cincinnati kelly 's killers also commonly known as ?
the british longhair is defined by what registries ?
which episode of spongebob squarepants aired first , the clash of triton or to squarepants or not to squarepants ? "
the indigenous team of the century 's coach played over how many games at senior level ?
what team competed in six competitions in their 116th season , and four in their 117th ?
which country in florida is the airport associated with transportation in jacksonville , florida ?
what season of gilmore girls featured an actress as a maid of honor who had also played the role of winnie foster ?
when was the father of the professional ice hockey player with the middle name " fosgaard " born ?
a play that was first performed on february 16th , 1728 , at the theatre royal , was written by an english novelist who was also the author of what novel ?
who replaced the manager of the aston villa that began at leeds united ?
arnold richards was the former chair of what organization that is a member of the center for jewish history ?
if selfridges in london is the uk 's second largest shop , which store - today owned by the state of qatar - is the biggest ?
jamal igle was known for illustrative work on which dc comics publication ?
when was the australian competition nswrl formed in which h kaufman was a rugby league player ?
what year was the cover artist of multiverse : exploring poul anderson 's worlds born ?
orange is the new black , starring annie golden as norma romano , takes place in which minimum-security federal prison ?
on what part of u.s route 56 can you listen to the kctv ?
reinhold o. schmidt was a ufo contactee in the same era as which polish-american citizen ?
what adorns the archaeological artefact excavated by thomas bateman on 3 may 1848 ?
in what county was duffy jackson born ?
carrie coon plays margo dunne in a 2014 film set in what state ?
who played dominic toretto in all eight films , starting in 2001 , from universal 's biggest film franchise ever ?
what defines downers grove as a thriller ?
what substance is always in a trap to prevent the passage of anything from either direction , even sewer gases ?
which independent spirit award was an actress , who was in a film directed by neil labute , nominated for ?
lucy pevensie is a character in the series of fantasy novels that have sold more than how many copies ?
who was the final champion of the thailand masters that was from hong kong ?
james davidson reported on which infamous american serial killers ?
the 45th president of the united states did what to the grand hyatt new york ?
bangalore naatkal starred which actor and photographer ?
in what year did the tornoto international film fesitval premiere a movie produced by bbc films ?
which of the starting pitchers for team usa in the baseball at the 2000 summer olympics was not born august 29 , 1977 ?
who directed the 2015 south korean drama film starring hwang jung-min ?
the type of language spoken in cadore is of which family ?
renzo gracie has a victory over the ufc champion who was one of the pioneers of what sports organization ?
what north carolina native did danja produce songs for ?
gene sculatti write for creem sometime in the 60s or 70s , what famous term did creem coin for describing a genre of rock ?
what nfl team , undefeated in 1972 , had on their staff the coach of the 2004 florida atlantic owls football team ?
both the 2010–11 uefa champions league knockout phase and 011 uefa champions league final were held at what london stadium ?
who is the mother of the king that walchelin de ferriers was principal captain to ?
which " the chronicles of narnia " character is prominently featured in " the lion , the witch and the wardrobe " and is a close friend with lucy pevensie whom she meets in the lantern waste .
w. tresper clarke high school is in what county ?
what election will take place on the same day as the united states senate election in texas ?
i can see your voice , a reality show from south korea , offers what kind of performers a chance to make their dreams of stardom a reality ?
miller county is named after a governor who was born in which year ?
whistle and yodel both specialize in what service ?
what year did fifty shades of grey release ?
one of the actors in the film dhruva natchathiram was awarded an honorary doctorate by the people 's university of milan in what year ?
veljko čubrilović was involved in the assassination of which heir to the austro-hungarian throne ?
which actress does this netflix 's project by nick bernardone and tina fey star in the title role ?
ann killion co-authored a memoir with the american soccer goalkeeper who won how many olympic golds ?
what region of italy was giorgio pini born in ?
what is the name of rocker , who was awarded " rock goddess of the year " in the annual loudwide music awards , who sang with high pitched screams in her band 's albums ?
who has a dedication on the score of the one-act opera buffa , mavra , and whose music made a lasting international impression as a russian composer ?
what was the occupation of the man who played a leading role in developing a man-portable recoilless anti-tank rocket launcher weapon ?
stokely webster has paintings can be found at the official residence of whom ?
what country is the member of gujarat legislative assembly and parliament representing ?
who is writing a book about the koch family who control the second-largest privately owned company in the united states ?
which sister of margarita " peggy " schuyler van rensselaer is sometimes called betsey ?
who was the probably maternal grandfather of edmund ii ?
who designed the theater where the london philharmonic orchestra plays ?
what guitarist played with both device and the american industrial rock group whose debut album was named " short bus " ?
thomas tull produced the comedy movie the hangover , which was based in which city ?
what role did ben keaton play in the british film east is east written by ayub khan-din ?
in 1632 , where was one of the most highly acclaimed english architects born ?
alternative facts is a phrase use by this u.s. counselor to the president born in what year ?
what is the population of the city that munsonville is in the northwest corner of ?
a relative of the emu is native to which continent ?
what is the name of the former mgm grand garden special events center where the mayweather-ortiz fight took place ?
who assassinated the 20th president of the united states ?
jared has aides was about the spokesperson for which company ?
the debut album came out in 1988 but what year did the song " she 's my baby " come out in ?
el chavo is a video game published by slang publishing , that was based on what mexican animated series that was based on another tv series created by roberto gomez bolanos ?
in what year were the european athletics junior championships held in the capital of slovenia ?
the 1st alabama siege artillery unit were massacred by confederate troops under whose command ?
the astronomer who formulated the theory of stellar nucleosynthesis co-authored what landmark paper ?
what year did the actor , who appeared in " one life to live " and " general hospital " in 2012 , earn a daytime emmy award ?
what is the nationality of this company that services ms moby dada ?
when was the american economist to which joseph a. loftus worked as a communications assistant born ?
what are the names of the brothers of the special effects supervisor , known for his work on the films based on the marvel comics superhero team ?
charles scribner 's sons publishes the books of what author whose books cover subjects such as the cold war , mathematics , politics , and economics , and global terrorism ?
which two swiss attractions were the cause of the " grand hotels " in which jakob ragaz worked on ?
when was the eighth season renewed for the series starring al harrington ?
what where mark chamberlain and alex oxlade-chamberlain being ?
lenroy thomas is the current commonwealth heavyweight champion after beating a british , professional boxer who has a record of 12 wins , 3 defeats , and how many draws ?
who was the head promotor of the singer of " for the good times " ?
the design team for role playing game black crusade featured the work of this designer who was the lead developer for what game ?
what position in the court does the professor of law at the interdisciplinary center in herzliya hold ?
the story of the man who turned into a dog is a type of play that fits into the genre that was founded during what era ?
who was soldier archie a. peck 's commanding officer during the meuse-argonne offensive ?
the television director and producer that won a daytime emmy award for work on american television special that airs on christmas day on abc won and emmy award for what ?
los angeles historic-cultural monument ( no . 139 ) hosted an event by what organization on oct 12 , 1991 ?
where does the team coached by someone with the nickname " coach k " play ?
which town in new hampshire with a population of 5,457 in 2010 is located by mount monadnock ?
adam fox was one of the first members of an informal literary discussion group associated with what university ?
what finnish christmas figure , which eventually become more or less conflated with santa claus , has modern representations typically made of straw . ?
what was the author of freeway warrior 's original occupation ?
what role was played in " who framed roger rabbit " by the actor who played an addams family character played by jackie coogan in the original television series ?
the experts stars what actor known for " saturday night fever " and " grease " ?
penny rae bridges starred in a television sitcom with what other actor ?
jimmy d'arcy played in northern ireland for the team based in what county ?
ghostkeeper 's plot is inspired by a legend that lends its name to what type of medical condition ?
multiculturalism in the netherlands reached new heights following the murder in 2002 , in part , with what dutch politician , civil servant , socialogist and professor who formed his own party ?
who was born first margaret pellegrini or jerry maren ?
what running back ended his career in 2006 and was one of the rushers matt o'dwyer blocked for ?
what nationality is amed rosario , the shortstop for the new york mets ?
which publisher produced the comic books featuring both spider-man and the daredevils ?
rocket rods was a high-speed thrill attraction opened in 1998 on the existing infrastructure of a transport attraction that operated until when ?
what kind of building did the romans use that is still the most common architectural style for churches in europe and america ?
which american actors and comedian played a new york city tailor in the angel levine ?
in the television series green hornet , which actor played the role of kato ?
the feminine touch is a drama film starring which english actress ?
the college of arts and sciences of ohio university is located on the university 's central quadrangle lawn , which sits aligned to the cardinal directions , with what building facing true north ?
who made a hip-hop album with guest appearances from justice , lotek and necro and also wrote semi-autobiographical crime books ?
spider9 was founded in 2011 by the head of which subsidiary of wanxiang group ?
kathleen matthews holds what political position in the maryland democratic party ?
what character did james byron dean play in his final lead role , which earned him his second academy award ?
what is the name of the man who was partners with the electrical engineer that was awarded the nobel prize in physics in december 2000 ?
what movie starring melissa mccarthy features a character named slimer ?
what university did bill daly graduate that gary bettman also graduated from ?
when did british politician damian green state that said that e-borders would be collecting information an all passengers on 100 % of non-eea flights to the uk ?
who directed the film in which catherine ann " kate " bosworth made her debut ?
nochnye snaipery was founded by svetlana surganova and a female who is an honored artist of where ?
which 8-year old star of an epistolary novel turned musical by alice walker also voiced frankie greene in a disney series ?
what was the name of the band of confederate army deserters in the 2016 movie starring matthew mcconaughey , gugu mbatha-raw , and keri russell ?
codex escalada shows an apparition to the saint that is a native of which country ?
in the usa , gun powder is used in conjunction with this to start the boomershot .
what political party is the current attorney general of missouri associated with ?
dawn lake described the star of " i love lucy " as what ?
singer eddie fisher , who produced the album " i 'm in the mood for love " in 1952 , later had a scandalous affair with what actress ?
what game where a play must act as a night security guard was a new intellectual property released in 2014 ?
dane william dehaan starred in a movie directed by anton corbijn along side which actor ?
name an american actress who starred both in high school high and general hospital .
what was the original name of the female singing group that recorded " the happening " ?
dum dum motijheel college is located in the capital of west bengal ?
what was the nickname of the author of the comic strip on which a a 2015 american 3d computer-animated comedy film produced by blue sky studios and distributed by 20th century fox was based ?
what is the name of the region that includes the cities dover and portsmouth , new hampshire ?
what language did the ethnic group which torstein ellingsen was its drumer speaks
what is the national grape cooperative association classified as ?
which american politician and lawyer contested in san francisco mayoral election , 2003
northland mall was the first directionally-named shopping center in columbus , 5 years before which shopping center at the intersection of us-40 and i-270 ?
dangerous is a book by which political commentator ?
what professional dancers twice turned on a lights festival taking place on the fylde coast in lancashire ?
when was the american film , television and theater actress born who was a star in the film the matchmaker and also received the 40th afi life achievement award ?
where is the american hockey league , that dan frawley played in , located ?
john douglas gibson lived his whole life in a suburb of what city ?
what stagecoach robber did frederick john fulton prosecute ?
what part did dan lewis play for arsenal football club ?
in what year was the most famous statute at po lin monastery built ?
which pirate-themed las vegas resort is one of many developed by steve wynn ?
who preceded the man who had the nassak diamond cut and placed into the handle of his sword ?
in what year was the singer whose second remix album was " hannah montana hits remixed " born ?
what is the largest non-capital city in queensland , australia that includes a suburb named after helena white ?
what is the nickname of the county in northern ireland where the tandragee killings took place ?
ellesmere port town football club are currently members of what english football league whose current principal sponsor is carlsberg ?
what type of sprite did milada šubrtová portray in antonín dvořák 's reknowned opera ?
dionne bunsha worked most recently for the magazine published by what company ?
the carlsberg group brews a belgian beer originally made by monks of what order ?
what is the middle name of the former stanford cardinals player who caught 57 passes for 1010 yards and 14 tds ?
what ethnicity are french people referring to when they use the term banlieues ?
which ceo of fedex becked value america
what other female rappers appeared brittany nicole carpentero in the official remix to my chick bad ?
what does the business manny cussins was chairman of make ?
the nun is based on what film series based on the real life cases of ed and lorraine warren ?
what year did the father of willem van oldenbarnevelt die ?
what american broadcasting company broadcasted the comedy show hosted by emma willmann ?
how long is the river the atherton bridge spans ?
let mother earth speak 's native american activist was born where ?
the court in which the most important decisions of the " black book of the admiralty " where established under a monarch who was also known as the what of scots ?
about time is a british romantic comedy-drama film that stars an irish actor and writer who recieved a bachelor of arts from where ?
which australian politician represented electoral district of goulburn
what is the surname of the italian composer of the works for which the baritone giovanni polese was celebrated ?
the view from the bottom is the fifth studio album by an american rock band best known for what hit song ?
which american swimmer , coached by ray looze , won a bronze medal in the men 's 100 meter breaststroke at the 2016 summer olympics ?
which 1962 film starring tom courtenay is based on a short story of the same name ?
which party dominated the last three elections of the state in which arataca is a municipality ?
igor naming agency named a resort located where ?
what separates the islands where the 2015 africa magic viewers choice awards were held ?
what role did kim dong-wook play in the 2012 south korean historical film directed by kim dae-seung ?
what are caesium-137 , radium and uranium-234 examples of ?
the carnaval del pueblo is eurpoe 's largest celebration of what expression of the people of latin america ?
when was the album released for which lady gaga used for material for her super bowl li halftime show ?
who composed the theme music in 1989 of an animated television series which has the current arrangement by a person who has scored or orchestrated music for more than 30 films and television shows ?
what university in india hosts a literary festival which has had as a previous invitee the former union minister of panchayati raj ?
mooreville , mississippi is located on which interstate highway that follows us route 78 ?
when was the austrian " schutzstaffel " ( ss ) officer born based on who 's life schapira co-authored a book ?
the british diver featured in splash ! specializes in what event ?
who was the boyfriend of thelma lou in the series with jim nabors ?
in which year was the choreographer for " best foot forward " born ?
who was born in august and was a professor ?
which american professional poker player also starred in the 2015 movie " extraction " ?
when was the city george consider hale was born in founded ?
which native american activist was known for his involvement in the american indian movement which addresses incidents of police harassment and racism against native americans ?
who was the secretary to the winter queen ?
what is the population of the town that starts with the letter " b " that is connected by state route 582 to las vegas ?
rex salas is an american record producer who worked with an american singer and actress who has been described as embodying female autonomy in a male-dominated industry , and is sometimes referred to as what ?
roy shepherd was considered a faculty member of what combination of colleges/universities ?
currently , which division does the fighter , who lost to jon jones in the ufc 140 event , fight in ?
what distinguishes the footwear brand referenced in the album pork soda ?
what is the name of one the italian navy 's new warship ?
carol kane played the wife of which fictional character on taxi ?
luis gianneo was teacher of which chief exponent of argentine folk music ?
who was one of the star in the south korean horror romantic comedy film of hwang in-ho ?
what kind of group does pinhead gunpowder and billie joe armstrong have in common ?
how many major novels did the author write , whose 1811 book was adapted for a 2008 film with a screenplay by andrew davies ?
the creator of " wallace and gromit " also created what animation comedy that matched animated zoo animals with a soundtrack of people talking about their homes ?
what year did the jang hoon directed film , starring song kang-ho in the title role and selected as the south korean entry for the best foreign language film at the 90th academy awards , debut ?
did zaza pachulia win an nba championship with the atlanta hawks ?
camp modin moved to the belgrade lakes region of maine from its previous location in what maine county ?
which male singer performed together with a female american singer , who was born in 1954 and whose third studio album was named through his eyes , have a hit duet with in 1985 ?
radio on : a listener 's diary is the first book by an author that voiced what character in the film " the incredibles " ?
what is the british acceptation of the type of sedan the maruti suzuki dzire is ?
w41ap is a station owned by the daily newspaper serving what nearby city in erie county ?
which of the people that helped max hoffmann do defeat the russia army was born on 9 april 1865 ?
bill bryson grew up in a city that is the seat of which county ?
what other teams played in the same division that chad clements played in ?
the younger brother , who became king , of princess mafalda of savoy reigned for how many days ?
what netflix series , produced by joe swanberg , had an actress best known for her role as vanessa on " atlanta " ?
what is the legal name of johnny campbell 's hometown ?
what is the name of the company that is the successor to news corporation following its split on 28 june 2013 that paul cheesbrough works for ?
what is the war that no . 22 squadron raaf followed as far as the philippines sometimes called ?
when was the film containing the song " i 'm still here ( jim 's theme ) " published ?
one of central dublin 's most historic working-class neighbourhoods is the home to a football club who were the first ever winners of what cup ?
after partially sinking in 1994 , celestyal crystal was rebuilt for the purpose of what bermudian company ?
cartman finds love is an episode from the sitcom created by whom ?
to catch a predator was devoted to impersonating people below the age of consent for which in north america varies by what ?
what river is the city that cyprus classic motorcycle museum is in on the banks of ?
den dover was born in a suburb with what total resident population ?
snoop dogg 's doggystyle and snoop dogg 's hustlaz : diary of a pimp are hip-hop music videos that feature what film genre ?
the actress who portrayed c. c. babcock on " the nanny " played alongside which actor who portrayed punk # 1 in " interface " ?
panic ! at the disco released their 5th studio album on what date ?
how many films did the star of tum milo toh sahi appear in ?
how old was william duvall when black gives way to blue was certified gold by the riaa ?
what guiness world record is held by the actor who stars as " jack " in a series created by jim o'doherty ? .
what is the title of 1988 american historical drama film based upon christopher hampton 's work , which stephen frears and john malkovich were involved ?
what honor has been received by both a former nasa astronaut and the founder of flightsafety international ?
perfect imperfection is a 2016 chinese romantic drama film starring a south korean actor best known for his roles in what 2016 television drama ?
what kind of result does 2013 ghana movie awards and a northern affair have in common ?
which american actor tries to make his long distance relationship with priya work in " the infestation hypothesis "
which guitarist that played on the lp street survivors and was a member of an american southern rock band from may 1976 until his death oct 1977 ?
tom thumb food & pharmacy is part of the southern division of a grocery company based in what city ?
which teams did jimmy butler play and what role did he play on these teams ?
what is the birthplace of youtube 's 2016 overview featured creator wengie ?
whose helmet is it discovered in 1939 which is well preserved and together with the coppergate helmet ?
the little river railroad is operated between maryville and what pioneer appalachian and resort community ?
in what italian region was the house of grimaldi ?
when did the person who claimed that fidel castro was killed in the 26th july movement but was proven wrong by herbert matthews first serve as president of cuba ?
swx right now airs on the station that broadcasts on what channel in billings , montana ?
what multinational networking and telecommunications equipment and services company used to occupy the space in umea , sweden that is now occupied by minerva gymnasium ?
the lead vocalist of the group " tenacious d " plays a supporting role along with dennis leary and will patton in a film that received what award at the 1999 venice film festival ?
when did the coach of the 1963 oklahoma sooners football team die ?
which canadian heavy metal band is safe the second ep by
what child starred in a chicago production of alice walker 's 1982 novel ?
where is stadium that was named after rodney cline carew ?
who composed music for this 1941 american animated film with the main character of jumbo jr. ?
what year was the alphabetically first writer of fairytale of new york born ?
in what directional area of argentia would one find the rio hondo department ?
muslim mahammad oglu magomayev is the grandfther of what soviet azerbaijani singer who was dubbed the king of songs ?
which university of virginia alumnus also served under the 30th governor of kentucky ?
what county is icknield walk first school located in ?
the former british protectorate of rhodesia became two countries with the zambezi river as the border . zimbabwe lies to the south ; which country is north of the river ?
the manufacturer that owns the company that currently produced and marketed skittles is headquartered in what us state ?
why is bangor daily news talkin about sawin millett ?
on which continent did pia miller make her appearance , in the teen magazine , dolly ?
the grieg crater is named for a norwegian composer who composed during what era ?
from what countries are gauhar ali and iftikhar ahmed from ?
in what movie did a kenyan-mexican actress , who graduated from hampshire college , star in in 2015 ?
philip kraft lectured at the largest university in what european country ?
the 1966–67 nhl season ended with a win in the stanley cup by the team from which division of the eastern conference ?
who created and mostly wrote the show that idris akuna elba played stringer bell in ?
what year was the essay which henry louis gates and cornel west criticized in their book , " the future of the race " first published ?
which university did the singer of " long time gone " study ?
grafton and carroll counties as well as the pratt family camps border what lake in new hampshire ?
the soul of a butterfly is an autobiography of a professional boxer that was born in what year ?
in addition to serving in the largest seaborne invasion in history , what is another military operation that edmond harjo served ?
what relation is anakin skywalker to princess leia ?
how long did the career span of the actor who starred with mickey rooney and marilyn maxwell in off limits ?
friedrich ratzel coined the phrase lebensraum ; which political movement made it notorious by taking it to extremes ?
what was alexander glazunov doing when he started composing symphony no . 9 in d minor ?
what dynasty was the creator of mouten cadet wine a part of ?
a song sung by palak muchhal was picturized by what indian film actress ?
clipper cargo was a subsidiary cargo airline of the principal and largest international air carrier in the united states that was founded in what year ?
what novel imagines the true story of a character based on a novel by mark twain first published in 1884 ?
what actor , who passed away in 1942 was also the producer of the stage version of the 1940 spy film which stars boris karloff and margaret lindsay ?
what boy band formed in orlando , florida in 1993 performed at the 2001 kids choice awards ?
tommy faile sang the song " the legend of brown moutain lights " , about a series of ghost lights that can be seen from which viewpoint outside linville falls ?
how does george abbott 's career connect to the drama film heat lightning ?
live at radio city is a live album recorded in what city ?
what number largest commercial airline in the united states is hana hou ! published for ?
swingin ' down yonder is the first full-length , 12-inch album recorded by a singer known by what nickname ?
ferdinand zvonimir von habsburg is the eldest son of the head of which house
which star of zork was also the voice of pac-man ?
which actress played a character that dated mark brendanawicz ?
was artie ziff a good prom date for marge ?
what city will host the event in which marie gisele eleme asse won twoo medals in 2017
which port city lies approximately 25 km north of the lingnan fine arts museum ?
what was the job title of the wife of the director of the film " aaina ? "
rl-83 blindicide was an improved derivative of a wea [ on launcher widely fielded by which army ?
at which rank did the american author , military historian , illustrator and painter , born in 1913 , who survived the surprise military strike by the imperial japanese navy air service against the united states finally retire ?
who were the stars of the 2008 south korean movie that was later remade as hindi movie entitled " murder 2 " in 2011 ?
which " blackzilians " fighter is currently competing in the middleweight division of ultimate fighting championship ?
a journal to which jim rasenberger contributes is the official journal of an institute located in what city ?
the ran paul presidential campaign , 2016 event was held at a hotel on what river ?
ara berberian sand for which role an opera by giuseppe verdi ?
milo parker starred in which 2014 movie alongside gillian anderson ?
what month was the album released whose lead single was " domino dancing " ?
where will the student which pass the exam for which le rêve de rico has to pass progress to ?
taca airlines , is an airline owned by a conglomerate owned by who ?
what nymph may have a mother who fell in love with narcissus ?
taylor mcnamara played college football at usc a football program that is currently a member of what conference
how many times was the writer , who invited hu lanqi to meet him in moscow , a nominee for the nobel prize in literature ?
which german philosopher wrote " the opera " lulu "
what is the ratio of flow velocity past a boundary to the local speed of sound for a saab jas 39 gripen ?
according to the 2010 census , what was the population of the city in which boyle 's thirty acres was located ?
in what year was the scientific journal for which danilo erricolo is currently editor-in-chief established ?
what country can the scopula nucleata be found in ?
fc barcelona ambassador ronaldinho won what french award in addition to fifa world player of the year ?
which internationl football team has had a player endorse the " nike hypervenom " football boot ?
who directed a 2006 film where ron perkins character plays the manager of a hotel ?
what is the name of the county that cari roccaro is from ?
what cuban preisdent overthrew mary tarrero-serrano ?
shaheed udham singh is a movie based on what massacre that took place on 13 april , 1919 ?
where were the olympics held when the 1993 world champion figure skater 's home country won it 's second winter games gold medal ?
on the knocking at the gate in macbeth is an essay by what english essayist best known for " confessions of an english opium-eater " ?
christmas in the sun was performed mainly by the entertainer of what nationality ?
" i do " the song by filipino singer nina and described to be mariah carey-like was on which album ?
which university did one of the key figures in the american documentary film , released in 2015 , directed by malcolm ingram , pay for , before being drafted 18th overall pick for the new jersey nets ?
what town did moe sedway have success in after benjamin " bugsy " siegel 's murder ?
which season did brain billick coach the baltimore ravens though in 2001 ?
ciril cvetko is the brother of a scholar who participates in what analysis of music ?
what was the specialization of an american naval officer who led the aircraft of the united states antarctic service to photograph cox point ?
in what language was the 2007 indian romantic drama staring kareena kapoor and shahid kapoor produced in ?
a man known as one of the most brutal pro-confederate guerrilla leaders in the american civil war had a following that included a bank and train robber from western missouri raised in what area ?
louis , count of armagnac has a descendant that includes which final king of italy ?
an actress in strange fruit was better known for a role in cbs sitcom . which sitcom is this actress better known for than her role in strange fruit ?
the huskies football team were invited to the alamo bowl where they were defeated by a team coached by art briles and who played their home games at what statium ?
philip despencer 's brother was a favorite of which king who was deposed in january of 1327 ?
the plateau region between the atlantic coastal plain and the main appalachian mountains is in what state ?
what language , also known as the amazigh , is part of siwa oasis ?
nicole gordon won a silver medal with sara petersen int he women 's doubles at a competition held in what city ?
what was the name of the hill that was the seat of an estate uphill aldbury ?
how many disciplines are combined in the degree that hector janse van rensburg graduated from the university of york with ?
how many member universities are there in this conference of which the connecticut huskies baseball team is a competing member ?
when the two coldplay songs u.f.o and princess of china were written , what factor did they have in common ?
the 1998–99 los angeles lakers season included the signing of the rebounding specialist who had what nickname ?
who wrote the music for billy elliot the musical and had at least one song on the " billboard " hot 100 for 31 consecutive years ?
what was the other single from eric stewart and graham gouldman 's band 's 1975 album , besides " i 'm not in love " ?
what is the area of the desert that ghanzi is in the middle of ?
how long did the king who created the coins of the hawaiian dollar rule ?
thomas major was the engraver to the estranged son of which monarch ?
a troll in central park and all dogs go to heaven were both directed by which person ?
what year did the infantry regiment featured in the 2006 film " only the brave " begin ?
the mutlu onaral album " livin ' it " was produced by the bassist for what duo ?
nominated in ten categories at the 38th annual césar awards ceremony was a film whose narrative focuses on what two people ?
during what race leading up to the 1994 monaco grand prix was roland ratzenberger killed ?
where is the casino that summer nights takes place in ?
on may 25 , 2017 greg gianforte won the special election following the resignation of a politican that current holds what position ?
tommy swerdlow co-wrote the screenplay of what film directed by jon turteltaub ?
what sibling of john d. rockefeller iii was the chairman of chase manhattan corporation ?
where does the state legislature in which john coffin talbot served convene ?
the van cat 's eyes have what feline form of complete heterochromia , a condition that occurs in some other animals ?
what is the country of origin of the film dui purush and the music director pankaj mullick
the un-americans contained which wrestler who also went by what tna wrestling name ?
which american comedian starred in the original cast of saturday night live and played stan winters in the sitcom martin ?
before i go to sleep stars an australian actress , producer and occasional what ?
how many exhibition games has the basketball team with which louis dunbar played , played ?
who supervised the sting operation that implicated evelyn dawn knight ?
where is the 1999 british comedy-drama film starring jimi mistry set ?
the man tried for the murder of anthony " white tony " johnson is suspected of how many unsolved murders along with his younger brother ?
seth macfarlane was the creator of the two animated short films that were created while studying at what college ?
what is the real name of the clock one can see on a clear day from denmark hill ?
what american gangster , businessman , casino owner and philanthropist was the inspiration for morris " moe " greene in " the godfather " ?
hatyapuri was a novel by the filmmaker of what nationality ?
what college in the blue ridge assembly historic district emphasized the study of art ?
who is one other client that is represented by the same person that also represents a barrister at doughty street chambers ?
2006 knvb cup final had two goals scored by a player of what nationality ?
wind was directed by which american actress born on march 26 , 1960 ?
the 2013 oregon ducks football team was led by which former american football coach who is currently a college football analyst for fox sports ?
which state was the the laboratory 's 60,000 square-foot , shore-based campus located ?
who served as a prime minister in postwar britain ?
what is the name of the pop artist that belongs on the pledis entertainment label and has 13 members ?
where did the hijacked plane rammed by heather penney crash ?
masters and johnson labeled the orgasmic platform while researching what ?
where was nobel laureate in physics know for his contributions with abdus salam and steven weinberg a professor ?
in what year was the university where sergei aleksandrovich tokarev was a professor founded ?
when did henrietta ponsonby 's father die ?
annette crosbie was nominated for the bafta award for best actress in a supporting role for a 1976 film that is a retelling of what classic fairy tale ?
alan schechter supervised a woman with her senior thesis entitled what
what is the name of this south asian island country , located in the indian ocean for which ahmed abdulla is a professional footballer ?
what is the name the french give to the war during which the prussians occupied the pavillon du butard ?
the remaining two seasons of kenan & kel were filmed at which stage facility located at 6230 sunset boulevard in hollywood , california ?
hk express is one of how many founding members of the world 's first alliance of low cost carriers ?
what are a uruguayan professional footballer and luz pfannenstiel are best known as ?
where is the animation studio that produced mary and the witch 's flower based in ?
mariana kovacevic used horse placenta treatment to heal the captian of what team ?
what year was the voice actress of an animated television series premiered on cartoon network born ?
what was the breakthrough role for the english actor starring in feed the beast
in what year was the 1965 world series mvp elected to the baseball hall of fame ?
how many times has the driver who placed third in the 2003 italian grand prix won at the grand prix ?
harrison newey made his adac formula 4 debut with a partner who is the son of who ?
jordan 's furniture is a furniture retailer with a location in an enclosed shopping mall on the north side of interstate 295 near what ?
the kahn trussed bar for beams and columns was invented by a man raised in what us city ?
ryan fredericks plays for a professional football club based in which city ?
what year was the singer of " orange " born ?
who died in the battle located near the river boyne in ireland ?
how many episodes were in the original run of the hbo show that kristin davis played the character charlotte york goldenblatt ?
the man tony bennet called " the father of rock and roll " once toured with what singer who once auditioned for " junior junction " , and landed a recording contract in her teens ?
the battle of nanchang was fought between the chinese nationals and what ground-based armed force of japan ?
seven years before the opening of the brewer fieldhouse in columbia , missouri , where was chester brewer working as head football coach and head basketball coach ?
in what year was the coach who led the 2007 south carolina gamecocks football team in his third season as usc head coach born ?
alex haley wrote what novel about a man that was born in 1750 ?
who directed the 2007 film which sasson gabai won an ophir award for ?
what sport do straight blast gym - ireland and john kavanagh have in common ?
in which county does the 8th military police brigade of the united states army 's barracks located ?
what offence were opening batsman khalid latif and 5 other cricketers suspended for , in february 2017 ?
which outer banks landmark and premiere bbq restaurant has been featured in the magazine southern living ?
what year was george harrison 's top uk charted song voted the nations 11th favorite 1980s number ?
during which years was the politician , upon whom the character allison taylor from " 24 " is baded , first lady of the united states ?
the devonshire club was named in honor of which british landowner and politician ?
the florida atlantic owls team represents a school classified by the carnegie foundation as what ?
in addition to richard strauss , luigi nono , krzysztof penderecki , joaquín rodrigo , and the german composer whose known for " das marienleben " , what other composers have been represented by esz since the 1950s ?
what city was the band who " evie " formed in ?
stronger together was used for the campaign comprised of the vice presidential candidate who was a senator from what state ?
what city did the author of " portraits and prayers " choose to live in after moving to france ?
what age did a wrestler began his training at who began his friendship with trevor mann in brookport , illinois cpw ?
horace brindley played for what professional association football club that is based in the seaside town of blackpool , lancashire , england ?
from which country is the largest known example of european iron age silver work ?
is the u.s. bank stadium home to the minnesota vikings , open air or fixed-roof ?
wbya is a radio station licensed to a town with what population as of the 2010 census ?
who starred as a divorced mother in an american sitcom produced by danny bonaduce 's father ?
alex yemenidjian is the ceo of the company that owns what las vegas strip hotel ?
how long did the shire of flinders , which encompassed the extremity of the mornington peninsula located south-east of melbourne , australia , exist ?
for what reason did gustavo rodolfo mendoza hernandex resign to the first jesuit pope ?
what intrusment did jem finer play in the band the pogues ?
heaven starred what australian actress who portrayed katharine hepburn in the 2004 film " the aviator ? "
who was the famous aviator that died in california while testing a jet aircraft ?
during the miss usa 2015 , olivia jordan of oklahoma was crowned by which american television host , model , taekwondo coach , and beauty queen who won miss usa 2014 ?
in which event did tyson gay and rodney martin both represent the united states at the 2008 beijing olympics ?
which city in missouri is the route 66 state park closest to travel from , st.louis or eureka ?
what is the name for plastic water-filled barriers that you might find along the macarthur road highway in pennsylvania ?
who was a grandson of aurelia plath and was a fisheries biologist ?
what college did the english conductor , organist and composer widely regarded as britain 's leading conductor of choral works teach at ?
which 1994 british romantic comedy featured the song " love is all around " ?
the good design movement is associated with what danish furniture designer whose style is often described as organic functionality ?
rosemary willis was seen in the grass in what texas town , where john f. kennedy was assassinated ?
ethel winter worked with which avant-garde theater director ?
how many times has the national team joseph raich garriga played for in 1941 participated in fifa world cups ?
human shadow etched in stone is an exhibition to showcase which bombing that killed 129,000 people in 1945 ?
which one of ricardo rodríguez saá 's relatives would become governor from 1983 to 2001 ?
how old was virginia bruce when she starred in let freedom ring ?
barnstable county hospital was the location of the autopsy of the son of president john f. kennedy and jacqueline kennedy , and the younger brother of who ?
jessica lee , former mp for erewash , served as parliamentary private secretary to the experienced representative for beaconsfield , when he held which office ?
who directed both last days and point break ?
what town , with a population of 4,688 in 2010 , is the khnk radio station located in ?
the sentinelese language is the language of people of one of which islands in the bay of bengal ?
which software application was originally made for the company that acquired radioshack in 1963 ?
who was germany 's large-scale , low strength fortification unit , disbanded in 1919 , named after ?
how far from sacramento is the flight school in atwater ?
what is the name of the company which acquired , in 2008 , the world 's largest beer producer that broke a distribution aggreement with shangy 's ?
which host of sunday night safran has the hebrew first name yehoshua ?
what is the familial relationship of the founder of the gulf cartel to juan garcía ábrego ?
what is the formal name for the sporting facility located in coos county , new hampshire ?
how many constituents does greg gianforte 's district have ?
back home is a children 's historical novel adapted into a tv drama starring what english actress born in 1946 ?
katrina ross starred in " the singing nun " with who as the title role ?
when was leeds no longer called elmet ?
ip man 3 is the second sequal to the biographical martial arts films first released in what year ?
what american agronomist that worked on the green revolution won a nobel peace prize ?
which five finger death punch discography albulm was released on september 22 , 2009 through prospect park ?
how do the peter laufer books forbidden creatures and no animals were harmed differ in their focus on animals ?
what 1958 born american television writer and actress contributed to the writing on i am not homer ?
the winning jockey of the 1997 cheltenham gold cup held a record for winner of what award 20 consecutive times ?
which publisher released the prequel to the 2012 novel boneland in 1960 ?
what is the nationality of the dancer who partnered tom chambers in the sixth season of strictly come dancing ?
which english egyptologist is known mainly for his works in the egyptian museum that is named after the capital of egypt ?
for which thomas rickman film did sissy spacek win an academy award for best actress ?
the runge-kutta methods were developed by m.w . kutta and a german mathematician , physicist , and spectroscopist that was born in what year ?
elvenquest is a comic fantasy broadcast that stars what english actress who is the wife of lord frederick windsor , and who is formally referred to as what ?
when was the person who did the music for manru born ?
oxley highway ends at a coastal town that had how many inhabitants in june 2016 ?
which baseball team who represents texas tech university in ncaa division i college baseball is " the law " its home stadium
who designed the building that the 58th technology & engineering emmy awards were held in ?
what did eric radomski produce that premiered on disney xd on may 26 , 2013 ?
the composer for the music in the film " a clockwork orange " was born in which state ?
the film navakoti narayana was based on the life of purandara dasa who was born in what year ?
how many times has the author of writing with intent been shortlisted for the booker prize ?
in which county is the university , at which roger groot was the class of 1975 alumni professor of law , located ?
when did peter capaldi play the role of mr. curry in paddington 2 ?
what waltz was composed by " the waltz king " in 1844 ?
new jersey politicians linda stender and leonard lance were born within a year of each other beginning in which year ?
aerodynamik is a kraftwerk song on an album recorded for what anniversity of the tour de france bicycle race ?
who was born first , lecrae devaughn moore or gawvi ?
the former associate director of the northeast intelligence network has wrote for a publication which typically falls where on the political spectrum ?
what actor replaced the welch actor born in 1978 who played robin hood in the first season of " once upon a time " ?
i love melvin is a musical and dancing comedy film starring an american dancer , singer , and actor who co=starred with a talking mule named what ?
june martino served as bookkeeper for the man who revolutionized what company ?
from which phrase the name of the place where hazina towers is under construction ?
the american astronomical society presents an award named after what new zealand astronomer ?
alexander borodin wrote what piece of music named after the kiphchaks and cumans ?
insomniac events is part of a partnership with a club founded by an investor of what heritage ?
from which alphabet was this alphabet derived that the name of the club ilysiakos b.c . has the starting letter of ?
how was tiger pataudi related to iftikhar ali khan pataudi ?
where is the university located in which the current editor-in-chief of review of policy reseach is from ?
siegfriedstellung in the first world war was a defensive position of what country 's army ?
the actor known for his role as " freddie " in the deep blue sea won the laurence olivier award for his role in which play ?
how many rooms does the tropicana hotel have where the 7th annual adult video news awards ceremony were held in 1980 ?
what was the nationality of bernhard heiden 's teacher ?
what horror movie set in 1972 vietnam was filmed in part in bokor hill station ?
what objects were carried into battle by these naval ships for qhich the qf 6-pounder hotchkiss were introduced to defend against ?
what character did selina giles play in the 2005 dystopian political thriller named " v for vendetta " ?
what show was elena shaddow in that was written by a relative of richard rodgers ?
which contributor to fear : 13 stories of suspense and horror was born on march 15 , 1953 ?
which croatian professional basketball player ( a shooting guard ) did new jersey nets acquire during their 1990–91 season ?
eric stark maskin was a teacher for which university , located in new jersey ?
what is the electric racing series british race car driver alex lynn drives for and is owned by virgin group ?
whose brother was a king of the east-saxons ?
peter shand kydd was related to which early member of the clermont club ?
how many rooms are in the hotel that is home to the cirque du soleil show mystere ?
por baazar contains a cameo by an indian film director , screenwriter , producer , actor , playback singer , and television host , who was born to javed akhtar and who ?
when was the multinational group headquartered in the netherlands adjacent to the junction 27 retail park near birstall , batley , west yorkshite , england , founded ?
william novac co-wrote the memoir of what american retired professional basketball player who is current president of basketball operations for the los angeles lakers ?
" it girl " is musically classified in the middle of what terminology describing the speed or pace of a given piece ?
barry murphy earned 1 cap under a footballer who was part of england 's winning world cup team in what year ?
what is the genus and species of the bear in which the florida black bear is a subspecies of ?
australian associated press was established by a journalist born in which year ?
who was the electoral division that james tully represented in 1928 named after ?
the transnational lottery les scadding won in 2009 held it 's first draw on what date ?
in what english district is the town digby , victoria may be named after ?
deckers creek begins west of an unincorporated area in what west virginia county ?
who coached the indians and was the first native american to win a gold metal his home country ?
the m104 155mm projectile was specifically designed to carry about 11.7 pounds of what prototypical substance ?
what is the nickname of the regional dialect from the city from which the english footballer tomi ameobi was born in ?
which nationality is the international footballer , born 20 march 1984 , who made his breakthrough la liga debut in the 2002–03 atlético madrid season , scoring 13 league goals as a teenager ?
how many members exist in the conference represented by the michigan state spartans in the 1993 liberty bowl ?
the " unofficial national anthem " of australia is the basis for the nickname of what soccer team ?
what are the two categories of the non-electric version of the neighbourhood electric vehicle ?
what was the slogan that came about from the idea of lebensraum which had its most extreme form supported by the nazi party until the end of world war ii ?
what is the birthplace of the musician responsible for creating the motion makes me last ?
where was david angell headed when he died aboard the american airlines flight 11 ?
what position does kyle york hold at the internet performance management company dyn ?
which member of the boy group shinee released their first studio album " she is " ?
which conflict was this person whose assassination led to mark fulton taking over command the loyalist volunteer force involved in ?
before the 2004-2005 minnesota timberwovles season , what had sam cassell had been honored with what titles ?
what conference does ralphie the buffalo 's football team play in ?
what 2-year worldwide tour had a round stage and a band that performed a song never before performed live ?
my sentimental friend was performed by which english beat rock band ?
how many episodes were in the 23rd season of a fox network show which , in it 's twenty-second season , aired it 's twenty-first episode which was written by john frink and directed by bob anderson .
the 2000–01 a.s. roma season had several important signings , one of which was a player that javier zanetti referred to him as being what kind of player ?
what is the middle name of the actress who played lucy baker in the tv series lassie ?
what university employed the psychologist that inspired david mcclelland 's thinking on power ? ?
which player selected out of the university of florida with the third pick by the hawks was born in june 3 , 1986 ?
what is the familiar name for the first operation in the battle of normandy , also codenamed operation overlord ?
after whom was the area , where the phillips collection is located , named ?
where was the set for the winner of the wd weatherford award in 1998 ?
" a swingin ' safari " was a song written originally by german songwriter bert kaempfert but made popular by who ?
which acter/director is known for depicting the russian working class life and directed a film that won an academy award in 1981 ?
peter and the wolf was originally released as a segment of an animated anthology released to theaters on which day ?
zamalek sporting club centennial was a friendly match against professional football club that plays in what ?
the eastern coast of ivan zammit 's birth city is located along what body of water ?
which son of rick barry was born first , brent robert barry or drew william barry ?
what year was the inventor of rejuvelac born ?
which amusement park at coney island , brooklyn , new york city , without being the grandest , was the island 's longest lasting ?
what is another movie the director of marvel cinematic universe 's fifteenth film is known for ?
the brother of ferdinand alfred friedrich jodl served as what position in world war ii ?
where did the host of the 2014 edition of the mtv africa music awards begin their career ?
nevada 's second busiest commercial airport was named after which career united states army officer ?
widewuto , a legendary king of the pagan prussians , was believed to have existed before which army launched crusade against the prussian peoples ?
what former los angeles lakers majority owner is the father of jeanie marie buss ?
what year was the recipient of the 2016 best footballer in asia born ?
august r. lindt served as chairman of a un program from 1956 to 1960 that won how many noble prizes ?
what mlb pitcher nicknamed " gander " was written about in " the stratton story " > ?
what was the company that was co-owned by the person who abbe error was named after ?
what railroad in which challengers were most common was completed in 1915 ?
what stadium does the team who has kent baer as the defensive coordinator play its home games ?
which u.s. state contains tropical wetlands and diamondback airboats ?
who was the narrator of the 26-episode series which featured the british national museum organization with branches at five locations in england ?
what is the birth date of the person richard callaghan coached to olympic , world , and national titles ?
what is the strongest focus of the adelaide fim festical put on by ceo amanda duthie ?
who is the writer for an american teen sitcom created by kim bass for nickelodeon ?
what argentinian retired defensive midfielder , and current manager of c.d . guadalajara , was traded to parma alongside sérgio conçeicão at the end of the 1999–2000 season ?
what actor starred in " word of honor " and " miami vice " ?
jean sagbo , considered " russia 's obama " is considered to belong to what ethnic group based on his having african heritage or dark skin ?
o'halloran hill in south australia has a suburb of what town , with a population of over 12000 people ?
fash mosque is 4.5 km away from which mosque originally built by muhammad ?
when was the federal us law made that was responsible for shutting down braniff airways ?
what was the name of the person that was interviewed and later written about by john g. neihardt ?
shaqtin ' a fool has included which television personality who worked for 8 yearst at espn ?
which team was a dutch former professional footballer sacked from in 2009 after the team underperformed in a string of games for the qualification for the champions league ?
the julian p. kanter political commercial archive has been designated an official project by an initiative to preserve and protect what ?
neil b. shulman was the associate producer of what 1991 american romantic comedy film directed by michael caton-jones ?
what is the name of the umcoming horror film adaptation starring melanie griffiths daughter ?
where was the music festival billy mcfarland was charged with wire fraud for supposed to take place ?
the player who defeated johnny majors for the heisman trophy in 1956 was born in what year ?
which actor that has performed as inspector javert in a les misérables production has won the laurence olivier award for best actor in a musical three times ?
what year did lindsey broad star in the movie with russell brand and jonah hill ?
archie norman will succeed robert swannell as chairman of what british multinational retailer that is headquartered in the city of westminster , london ?
where is the company , which designed the glomar challenger , based ?
charles hurt is currently the opinion editor of " the washington times " , fox news contributor , breitbart news contributor , and editor of which politically conservative american news aggregation website ?
what american politician from tennessee born december 13 , 1943 is related to former united states congressman harold ford jr. as well as former congressman harold ford sr .
when was the band who composited " discipline " formed ?
what group of people are described as semi-nomadic and speak the semitic language ?
glenn quagmire is voiced by the creator of what 2012 film ?
which european based oil giant bought the commodities trading arm of j.p. morgan in 2014 ?
what schools of thought are drawn from in the academic discipline of hafiz rashid khan ?
what kenya-based company owns the tusker beer brand ?
when was erik watts ' father born ?
what muffler repair shop owner inspired andrey zvyagintsev 's film leviathan ?
when did the hbo series that alice wetterlund star in premier ?
" she 's a woman " is a song on the b-side of a single whose a-side has one of the first uses of what in popular music ?
what metropolitan city was massimo giordano born in ?
what country of origin does stan williams and adelaide oval have in common ?
cagliostro-walzer op.370 was composed by a man born in what year ?
in which album was american rapper kendrick lamar 's first number-one single on the us " billboard " hot 100 included ?
witkins township is served what district that is represented by tim murphy ?
what was the book that was centered around a rule that is expressed algebraically , or quantities " a " and " b " with " a " > " b " > 0 ?
the vynil collectible vinylmation are all shaped with the body of a cartoon character created by who ?
deckers creek is a tributary , and its beginning in the west is named after ?
what country does haringey heartlands and the mall wood green have in common ?
what is the central institution of cheyenne indian tribal governance that ehyophsta was not a member of ?
the bomber who carried out a provisional irish republican army ( ira ) assassination attempt against the top tier of the british government in 1984 was born in what year ?
what famous new york burglar and freelance writer was involved in a robbery for which a book was written about ?
the 2015 mtv video music awards pre-show premiered the music video for a love ballad with a prominent what ?
the jodrell bank observatory was established in 1945 by what english physicist and radio astronomer ?
what was the benefit of reintroducing piston power and replacing the most popular turboprop engine in history ?
alex jesaulenko , former australian rules footballer and coach won the award the goal of the year . in what year did he win that award ?
what product is being built at a 107,000 acre industrial park for tesla motors ?
pyne & marles is co-hosted by richard marles and an australian politician who has been the liberal member for the house of representatives seat of sturt since what year 's election ?
kiki preston was the alleged mother of a child born out of wedlock with a prince born in which year ?
alexandra park in greater manchester , england was created in response to an event that ook place during what years ?
lafe pence was a member of which lower chamber of the united states congress ?
who led the texian army in the battle in whichjoseph l. bennett served as lieutenant colonel ?
the w. h. shipman house is in what hawaii county ?
the facility where robert croft worked as a navy instructor was also known as ?
in what year was the composer of " anthem " born ?
romans stars which tamil and telugu actress ?
stabat mater was written by a composer of what nationality ?
who is the us olympian and christian evangelist did the 2010 non-fiction book by laura hillenbrand focus on ?
who directed the film based on the rock opera 5:15 appeared in ?
what prize was won in 1963by this physicist who was part of the princeton three ?
tao okamoto made her debut as the lead in the 2013 film featuring the character from what comic company 's line ?
what is the prefix given to the end of the name to avoid confusion for the winner of the 1996 record of the year grammy ?
southern california logistics airport is how many miles northwest of victorville , california ?
orchard gateway connects what shopping mall in singapore with 313 @ somerset ?
who directed the 1971 film in which pat ashton starred in ?
where was the comedian from and there 's more born ?
the swallow bluff island mounds is a mississippian culture archaeological site that is located in this river which was once known by what name ?
phil edwards is an american surfer from california whose photo appeared in the cover of what magazine which has over 3 million subscribers and is read by 23 million people each week ?
in what year was the son of max weinreich born ?
what lake in australia is named after a scottish knight ?
who has written more # 1 songs , chris destefano or brett eldredge ?
moss side railway station is on blackpool south railway station which is how far from waterloo road tram stop ?
arena bowl xii included what team coached by current head coach of the washington redskins ?
who played amelia vanek in the film adaptation of monster ?
who was a student of rolls gracie and ran the gracie humaitá school in rio de janeiro ?
on which river is the shipyard established by andrew sprowle ?
the southern terminus of state route 102 is located in a town on the southwestern side of an island know to locals as what ?
palm springs lies in palm beach county , the third most populated county in its state . which major u.s. city is it near ?
when was the improvisational troupe , which trained amy sedaris , paul dinello , and stephen colber , founded ?
jal pari , which translated in another language refers to which legendary creature which are sometimes associated with perilous events such as floods , storm , s shipwrecks , and drownings ?
the russian-british physicist who shared the nobel prize in physics in 2010 has established a reserach center dedicated to continuing the work with graphene in what country ?
what annual event occurs on a property co-founded by an american who was the best-selling recording artist of the 20th century ?
what is the name of the minahasa journalist and novelist who was active in the colonies incorporated into the dutch government in 1800 ?
taylor nichols was part of the ensemble cast of which 1995 american black comedy and psychological horror film ?
what sport does america 's first openly gay , actively playing , professional team sport athlete play ?
what is the name of the person that named moltke nunatak after the chief of the german general staff that served from 1906 to 1914 ?
professor a. selvanathan is a professor at a university that is public or private ?
jimmy garcia lost by unanimous decision to a professional boxer that challenged for what title in 1995 ?
what fellow turkish footballer did darko kovačević form an offensive partnership with during his tenure at real sociedad ?
what characteristic meaning it 's transferable between species , does monkeypox and cowpox virus both share ?
what year was the bank famously opposed by brendan bracken for co-operation with adolf hitler originally established ?
the saint in " a time for miracles " was born on what date ?
the pappas house is the largest of the usonian automatics built after a house located in what village ?
how many daily flights are made by the thai long-haul low-fare airline ( part of the airasia group ) headquartered and based at don mueang international airport ?
the a5117 runs between shotwick and a village with a 2011 population of what ?
who born earlier , lewis terman or g. stanley hall ?
dr. saleha mahmood abedin 's daughter was born in what year ?
the world 's greatest super-heroes anthology showcased one of four superheroes known for speaking the phrase " shazam " , what was their name ?
which animal races annually for a national title as part of a post-season ncaa division i football bowl subdivision college football game ? \
when was the publisher of traveller supplement 4 : citizens of the imperium in business ?
kurt cobain : montage of heck documents the life of cobain until his suicide in what state ?
how many seats does the jet airliner with which boeing 777x was intended to compete have ?
faruk halibegovic was born in what city that is the capital and largest city of bosnia and herzegovina with a population of 275,524 ?
love thy neighbor starred an american actor who was best known for his role as jack tripper on what sitcom ?
what company did rex maughan aquire ?
" twenty two " is an episode of the series " the twilight zone . " adapted from an anecdote by a publisher who made appearance in what panel game show ?
what was the former name of the company which operates hunterston terminal ?
what is another name for the people that the torra di tizzà was created to protect against ?
greetings ! we 're the monitors was the debut album by the band who had what soul and r & b singer as their lead ?
which american politician was the 61st governor of maryland and had help on his first campaign in 1998 from richard burton ?
what rapper on the song " wij zijn ajax " plays for the turkish club beşiktaş ?
which company had a ten year contract with the anti-hero from escape from new york played by kurt russel ?
which feature does the g-shock watch have that is tested by a leakage test ?
when was the medieval fortress abandoned that is to the north of yellowcraig ?
persona non grata includes interviews by the political leader of what nationality ?
the world war i air force pilot who has been credited with 80 air combat victories has been the subject of what forms of media ?
baltic neopaganism was a religious movement that included which poet and humanist ?
what age was georgia middleman when she started singing in the seventh-most populated city in the united states ?
on what date will the election for which krishanti vignarajah is a declared democratic candidate be held ?
on what network did the series that bradley thompson started working on in 2014 premiere ?
in what capacity did the author of the book , an inconvenient truth , serve in the united states government ?
falling stars is a role-playing game published by the company based out of what country ?
what year was the 2nd wife of the leader of the hussites born ?
which university 's teams with a mascot called stomper began competing in the northern sun intercollegiate conference in 2008 ?
was atom egoyans biggest commercial success on stage or on film ?
what award has the composer of " shady lady " received five times ?
where did the character xavin changed into a black female just for the sake first appeared
what other series is the actress who plays malory archer well known for ?
who co-starred alongside john wayne in the 1951 world war ii submarine film operation pacific ?
whats the famous bavagheet by arun date ?
what facility is shared by raaf base williamtown and newcastle airport in new south wales ?
what year did the prison where william penn wrote no cross , no crown stop being used as a prison ?
which show was andrew " andy " spade 's brother in n the 1990s ?
where did the cure record their highest charting single ?
in what school district is governor john r. rogers high school , named after john rankin rogers , located ?
ho iat seng is a member of a legislative assembly that has how many members ?
mclaren mp4/11 was driven by what finnish former professional racing driver
rosi golan 's songs were featured in commercials for a brand of artsana , that 's been working for over 50 years , and is present in how many countries ?
which italian composer was known for his long-flowing melodic lines and was included in the repertoire of maria callas ?
which movie starring tony longo is based on tonka toy line and hanna-barbera television series ?
the music composer of the film angaaray , aadesh shrivastava died from what at age 51 ?
which is farther north , steel venom or wicked twister ?
where is the company that created doravirine ( from ?
wangaratta wahine , an album featuring the work of an australian living treasure , was recorded by what band ?
what movie character was based on the martial arts actor known as jcvd ?
when was the football club founded in which walter otto davisplayed at centre forward ?
the inventor of the maxim gun issued 1.9 million shares to what man ?
which contest in california pays homage to an american novelist that won the novel prize in literature in 1954 ?
what are the low sea stacks in the shetland islands called ?
where are abbey clancy and peter crouch from ?
the original serialized story of the bride of re-animator film was titled " herbert west–reanimator " and written by an american author who achieved posthumous fame through his influential works of what ?
the nightclub playboy club was located at this hotel and casino located near the las vegas strip that has how many rooms ?
whodesigned the first theoretical mechanism for the detonation of an atomic bomb and was part of the group of scientists who first discovered nuclear fission ?
how many films has the director of " girl 6 " produced since 1983 ?
in modern history of syria this kingdom lasted for only four months , this kingdom surrendered to who ?
what american actress starred in the 1996 television film " bastard out of carolina " directed by anjelica huston ?
what profession does alex beard and tony hall , baron hall of birkenhead have in common ?
what was the population of the town as of 2000 where the historic tugboat catawissa is located ?
where does the founder of the international grenfell association act as a missionary to ?
what country is the selun located in ?
who had a perfect game against the ignitor 's team in 1998 ?
what sort of dog did the same man who cared for the living gift that martin bormann gave hitler have ?
what profession does kazuyuki fujita and gilbert yvel have in common ?
the robey-peters gun-carrier was built at a commuter village with at population of what at the 2001 census ?
who is older , lucy gichuhi or bob day ?
berthold louis ullman died in a country that is approximately how many acres ?
grimsby minster is located in which english province ?
umaru mutallab had a son who tried to detonate materials about the flight that took place on what date ?
mexican indignados movement is a response to a war also known as ?
step up 2 : the streets is the sequel to the dance film directed by whom ?
who was born first , frank i. cobb or joseph pulitzer ?
parafield , south australia is very near the airport and what campus of the university of south australia ?
when did the place in canada where françois beaucourt ( 1740-1794 ) was mainly active acquired its present name ?
which historical drama filmed in the winter palace of the russian state hermitage museum stars sergey dreyden ?
where was the musician and stand up comedian who recorded and released a live performance at london 's bloomsbury theatre in may 2008 born ?
what two casinos border the hotel that hosted wrestlemania ix ?
what theatre in st. martin 's lane often hosts the english national ballet ?
meet market is a 2004 film starring which son of a former prime minister ?
undiscovered country is a reference to the concept of the afterlife as the " undiscovered country " from which opening phrase of a soliloquy spoken by prince hamlet in the so-called " nunnery scene " of william shakespeare 's play " hamlet " ?
how many periods in office were held by the british prime minister who led the " who ? who ? " ministry ?
carlos hasselbaink is the older brother of the footballer of what nationality ?
what occupation do henry moore and john wesley have in common ?
the national symbols of albania are used in this part of serbia that are composed of which municipalities ?
robin r. bottin is known for his collaboration with an american director and producer who won an academy award , golden globe and bafta award for what movie ?
when did the person for whom tubman university was named serve as president of his country ?
which son of robin fox mc , is an english theater and film producer
whom was the cofounder of orange county choppers and appeared with paul teutul sr on american chopper ?
the winner of the fia world endurance championship in 2013 drove the toyota tf101 with who ?
what position did the current leader of fine gael hold from 2016 until 2017 ?
what is the name of the kegeyli district in the turkic language spoken in karakalpakstan ?
which victorian poet was born in a 15th-century castle home to the earl of southesk ?
the song justice was used for a wwe event that took place on what day ?
roy holder appeared in a 1967 film which was based on a play of the same name written by who ?
what sport do the basham brothers and doug basham have in common ?
in which region is the village after which lager fucking hell is named ?
underwater ! is a 1955 adventure film starring an american film actress who was a leading sex symbol in what decades ?
both tim conlon and kehinde wiley have what type of occupation ?
what is the rank of the incumbent that rj harris challenged in 2010 ?
erik wickberg was the general of an army linked to which religious sect ?
what unit of the air national guard is located at a base that was home to the 509th bomb wing flying the general dynamics fb-111a ?
who directed the black comedy in 1984 that started the american actress and singer best known for her role as sally morrison on " my three sons " ?
what is the name of the process used by a company that is located in new jersey and invented hexachrome ?
what retailer did albert heijn start up that eventually merged with the delhaize group ?
the light princess was inspired by " what " literary tale published by charles perrault in 1697 ?
jet airways is the second largest airlien after a low cost airline located in which city ?
when did the 2005 ladbrokes.com world darts championship begin ?
in 2001 , hampton pirates men 's basketball defeated a second seed team that was coached by who ?
nicholas scibetta 's hit man brother-in-law , who confessed to being involved in the murder of 19 people , helped prosecutors convict what gambino family boss ?
baraki barak district is situated in the western part of a province whose capital is what ?
which television network that aired gameshow marathon has been owned by the bell media division of bce , inc since 2000 ?
orlando maturana had to compete with what other colombian retired footballer for the national football team 's striker position ?
who is the original writer of the 1977 horror film ?
what software company developed fade to black and it 's 1992 sequel , flashback ?
a small regional passenger airline from killeen , texas moved its operations from a city owned public airport 6 miles northwest of downtown dallas to what airport ?
in 2106 this magnetically confine nuclear fusion device achieved the highest pressure of a gaseous mixture of negatively charged electrons and highly charged ions called what ?
what platinum selling track was included on the album " the warrior 's code " with lyrics by woody guthrie ?
how many episodes were there of the tv series where julianna margulies had the role of carol hathaway ?
when was evelyn waugh famous work first published
kresy , which roughly was a part of the land beyond the so-called curson line , was drawn for what reason ?
what city is the women 's vans triple crown of surfing event hosted at ?
cliburn railway station was a station situated on this railway that ran between clifton junction near penrith and kirkby stephen via what ?
what is the nationality of the scientist who invented in tribometer ?
which pistol was replaced by a pistol manufactured by spreewerk ?
the twelfth united states army group commander was the first chairman of what ?
who was the base where the 413th flight test group is stationed named after ?
the dukes of hazzard was inspired by the 1975 film starring whom ?
in what year was the director of the 2016 american-british biographical drama film which stars rebecca hall as christine chubbuck born ?
what was randy shughart 's rank when he died ?
the hong kong museum of coastal defence is located on an island with a population of what ?
in 135 bc , a second campaign was sent to intervene in a war between minyue and another ancient kingdom established at the collapse of whom ?
what did the screewriter for a 2013 psychological thriller film directed by denis villeneuve get a goya award nomination for best adapted screenplay at the 27th goya awards for ?
the series in which sharon gless played debbie novotny was developed and written by who ?
who wrote the lyrics for linda eder 's broadway debut ?
what show did the co-creator with chris spencer of wild ' n out debut on ?
what nationality is the singer who recorded " who i was born to be " ?
what singer-songwriter performed the country pop sing " fifteen " ?
the head of the foreign relations department of the rastriya janashakti party holds a degree that can be abbreviated ms , m.s. , or scm , in what field ?
the government digital service is overseen by the chief secretary to the treasury , who is from which party ?
who was the creator of the american political satire comedy television series in which sufe bradshaw plays an acerbic secretary named sue ?
which actor in the lieutenant wears skirts is named samuel ?
in which european country was aimé félix tschiffely born in ?
john roger kirkpatrick scott was a member of the u.s. house of representatives from a commonwealth that borders what to the east ?
which former college football quarterback is the nephew wade watts ?
in person is a 1935 film starring an actress born in what year ?
flower alley was bred by the trainer who was killed at what fayette county , kentucky airport ?
what space mission is the rear admiral astronuat born 1923 known for ?
ashly burch is known for voicing aloy in a video game released in what year ?
domestic disturbance stars an actor who voiced what character in " monsters , inc. " ?
what is the nickname of the island that is 1,415 km further to the east-southeast of tokyo ?
what 1996 book was written by the founder of media matter for america ?
what airport is off national route a002 and is largest airport in greater buenos aires ?
belle gold is a fictional character portrayed by an actress of what nationality ?
what was the birthdate of the actor who starred in the movie voodoo ?
where was the sitcom filmed that judy greer played kitty sanchez in ?
what island is located 808 nmi northwest of the capital of hawaii ?
what three states junction is near the gap that peter hackett traveled along during the scotish-irish migration along the wilderness road ?
this australian racing driver currently drives the no . 22 holden vf commodore produced by holden commodore which manufactures what other models ?
staten island summer , starred what actress who was a cast member of " saturday night live " ?
tigerair is a budget airline and subsidiary of what singaporean flag carrier ?
ndlela kasompisi was a key general to zulu king dingane and a king born in what year ?
here 's little richard is a debut album containing a song written by little richard , enotris johnson and who else ?
the bee cliff in northeast tennessee overlooks a river that is how many miles long ?
john michael montgomery has had more than 30 singles on the " billboard " country music charts , but what single from his fourth studio album what i do the best never reached the top ten on the hot country songs charts ?
what competitions does lai shiu wing team compete participate in ?
in the muti-sport games usually held every four years between nations around the mediterranean sea , fatma lanouar is best known for winning gold in which event ?
where was the match held where chicharito scored goals along with antonio valencia and dimitar berbatov ?
in which region is the town in which fort kongenstein is located ?
what city is the the iranian airlines involved in the 1993 tehran mid-air collision based out of ?
what award won by only twelve people has a man who ted kooshian has performed with won ?
oprah winfrey narrated a documentary about this athlete who rode 400 miles across his country to bring attention to the plight of the disabled in the country ?
what is the birth year of the rapper who made the cold corner 2 ?
carl barks is best known for his comics about the cartoon character created in what year ?
what did the uk 's first linux-specific magazine call qvwm ?
wonderworks made an adaptation of what novel created by frances hogson burnett ?
what relationship did gordon banks have to the person who killed american recording artist marvin gaye ?
what is the date played of this college football game at sun life stadium in miami gardens , florida , where clemson defeated the no . 4 oklahoma sooners , 37-17 ?
" the simpson 's " episode featuring the " itchy & scratchy & poochie " show satirized the world of television production just as the episode featuring the " itchy & scratchy & marge " satirized what type of issue ?
what american actress who died in 2011 starred in fear stalk ?
gérald genta , a swiss jewelllery designer , worked with what luxury swiss watch manufacturer which was founded by american watch , aker florentine ariosts jones ?
rafe hernandez is a fictional character who played with chrishell stause 's charachter on days of our live ?
little brown stein is a rivalry trophy that imitates a mug made out of what item ?
disturbia is a 2007 movie that stars what american actor who starred in the disney channel series even stevens ?
what film did the mother of karan kapoor star in in 1970 ?
in what order does three colours : blue appear in the three colours trilogy ?
the new york , westchester and boston railway has a terminus at the new york city in what county ?
what german computer repair technician may have inspired diary of a cannibal
which auto club has sanctioned races run in california as well as indianapolis ?
which comic book was also written by the writer of crossed ?
what role did anne innes-ker , duchess of roxburghe ( daughter of the 7th duke of marlborough ) serve to queen victoria ?
the phillips berlina is a neo-classic car that used stretched underpinings from a car that set a new sales record for what model year ?
mis'ry 's comin ' aroun is by an american librettist that won how many tony awards ?
what type of submarine was the non-nuclear u-32 ?
what is the full name of the captain of the australian team that won the 1930 ashes series ?
where were the presenters of the 2016 brit awards from ?
who is the former pentecostal preacher who released the comedy album leader of the banned in 1990 ?
charles haughey held what position when he dissolved the list of members who were elected to the lower house of the oireachtas of ireland on 25 may 1989 ?
when was the colony william bradford was governor of founded ?
nick hexum of which american rock band helped produce decomposer by the matches ?
who is the american actress that stars in the movie " innocesnce " and is best known for her role as alexandra cabot in a long-running nbc series ?
what album starring ed sheeran was released on 3 march 2017 ?
which avalanche happened first , rigopiano avalanche or 1999 galtür avalanche ?
the grosvenor museum takes its name from the family name of a title currently held by whom ?
pyotr verzilov is married to a russian conceptual artist and what kind of activist ?
lauri markkanen was traded for which player who was born in houston ?
on what street was the hotel located where the fire happened that ranked one above the mgm grand fire in severity ?
ocean springs school district is located in the city in what mississippi county ?
which indian actress who earned filmfare award for best female debut in " refugee " acted in k3g movie ?
during what war were the russia-united kingdom relations in a state of rivalry after the abdication of emperor nicholas ii ?
which record company reissued an avenged sevenfold album that only sold 300 copies ?
who was born first , umar israilov or ramzan kadyrov ?
the shrewsbury & newport canals trust promotes the restoration of what navigable canal in england ?
the dalmatian parliamentary election , 1861 was held in what crown land of the austrian empire ?
nick jr too was launched on the same day as what rival channel that was created by turner broadcasting , and is the sister station of cartoon network ?
what is michael nakasone job at the college prep school in honolulu ?
what trio was the songwriter of " what are we doin ' lonesome " from ?
which driver has been in less races , marlon stöckinger or matthieuvaxivière ?
which of the people featured on wall of fame is the daughter of bernie ecclestone ?
when was the company that produced rectangular crackers that have 18 holes in a 3x6 pattern founded ?
what guatemalan latin pop singer and songwriter and writer of " el amor es un fantasma " shared a stage with cristian sáez valdés castro ?
the prodigal daughter , though a book about an american , is by a novelist of what nationality ?
who founded the company that robinsons-may is a subsidiary of ?
which movie is loosley based off the brother grimm 's " iron henry " ?
who is the controlling shareholder of the world 's fourth-largest tyre manufacturer ?
which characters are akin to goblins and were added to a tilted mill entertainment video game in 2009 ?
leo a. harris was also known for his handshake deal with walt disney that permitted the university of oregon to use the likeness of what cartoon character created in 1934 at walt disney productions ?
mark newhouse finished 9th in a 2013 series of poker tournaments sponsored by what corporation ?
what is the name of the record label owned by one of the three artists responsible for creating the 1993 album honky tonk angels ?
what star of two and a half men won two young artist and tv-land awards for his character ?
what son of larry johnson was born on november 19 , 1979 ?
who directed the film that mads mikkelsen won the award for best actor for his performance in at the 58th bodil awards ?
what star in the film up at the villa has earned the title of knighthood ?
thunderbirds was a film featuring the exploits of what part of the oklahoma army national guard ?
john ruskin named his album due to a removal of what ?
who was convicted of murdering the director of schoolboy crush ?
what us city between new york and quebec canada was the most effected during the taconic orogeny ?
which bird-themed team did the baseball player , who frequented the red cedar inn and was also known as dizzy dean , play for ?
in his book mathematical foundations of quantum mechanics , john von neuman devles into which major field ?
what year did the ceo of tata consultancy services takeover as chairman ?
brendon urie wrote new perspective after firing which bassist ?
candace flynn was voiced by the actress who achieved mainstream success on what show ?
who was born in 1922 and published a book in 1985 by delacorte press ?
what movies has juno temple starred in ?
southrey is a village in the civil parish of which village in the west lindsey district of lincolnshire , england ?
egremont castle is located in what market town , civil parish , and two electoral wards in the borough of copeland in cumbria , england ?
which of the actress starred in zombie night appeared in the 1998 erotic thriller " wild things " ?
what is the name for what was formerly called grenier army air field which is located in the two communities of manchester and londonberry ?
along which river is the kentucky department of corrections headquarted ?
what does the unique calendar system in japan , who the first emperor of japan created , emphasize ?
alexander young , also known as george alexander , is the uncle to which scottish musician who replaced malcolm young in the band ac/dc in 2014 ?
in what year was the writer of the drama " ingenious " born ?
what field of study is related to ovamir anjum 's work and is known as islamic mysticism ?
an cricket star who played a supporting role in the film sinhawalokanaya was a former captain of which cricket team ?
who created the series broadcast on the wb that leigh-allyn baker had a recurring role on ?
how many marchers were in the protest that pelham d. glassford ended ?
david wayne hull ( born 1962 or 1963 ) is a leader of which group that originated in mississippi in the early 1960s under the leadership of samuel bowers , its first grand wizard ?
what city is the most populous city in australia and oceania and the birthplace of a silver and bronze medalist from the 1992 barcelona paralympics ?
what party was the man who largely repealed the black act a member of ?
until when did this region exist as an organized incorporated territory of the united states , for which samuel thurston served as its first delegate ?
what band did gator country guitarist that co-wrote bloody reunion come from ?
how many academy awards has the writer for the music of the road to hong kong won ?
what movie did chris duesterdiek work on that was directed by seth rogen and evan goldberg ?
which single was recorded in 1989 at the first tubronegro rehearsal by the norwegian punk rock band , initially active from 1989 to 1998 , whose style is " deathpunk " ?
what is the manufacturer of the car used by the ford cd2 platform 's design inspiration ?
the chairman of westfield corporation has a son who holds a bachelor 's degree in what ?
what date was the person born that samuel flores borrego was the right hand man of ?
the admiral 's men occupied which kind of theatre in the 1590s ?
who was the returning coach for the singer whose breakthrough album was named tragic kingdom ?
performers that have played at the l.b . amphitheatre include an american rock band that originally formed in jacksonville , florida , in 1964 , as who ?
what is the name of the one of the hosts of the race for the pennant sports show who is a retired american baseball pitcher ?
who will conduct the firing cannons in victoria as part of a musical piece written to celebrate the defeat of napoleon in russia ?
which video game featured the houston rockets player named nba sixth man of the year in 2012 ?
who wrote the 1970 international hit song murray head is most recognized for ?
which american political consultant was a former trump campaign
heinrich gross participated in the nazi regime 's aktion t4 more commonly referred to as what ?
ellie parker is a 2005 american drama-comedy film whose title character is played by an english actress who made her screen debut in what australian drama film ?
what superhero is followed in the american comic book series that started as a horror comics anthology and introduced the fictional realm based on norse mythology ?
how many grammy awards were won by an album named after the joni mitchell song from love actually ?
" text me merry christmas " is a song performed by kristen bell and a group that originated at what univeristy ?
what , in 2011 , was the estimated population of the city from which numidia tv broadcasts
in what group was the writer of songs and dances of death in ?
what entity with the capital city of ciudad victoria is a home to the northern grasshopper mouse ?
what football team did mario gomez and javi martinez both play for ?
sian gibson co-wrote which british sitcom , set around a supermarket and car share scheme ?
what is the relation of sulley muniru with the central midfielder of intalian club pesacara ?
pulsed pressure cavitation technique was developed at a natioal laboratory sponsored by what u.s. department ?
who starred in love and other drugs and the simpsons ?
where is the university joe odom played football for located ?
what type of comedian was cloned in a series centering on mitchell reynolds ?
how many miles west of phoenix , arizona is the base where the 63d fighter squadron is assigned ?
town 's first season in their new stadium was under the leadership of an english football manager who was born when ?
crestfallen 's artwork is done by a photographer of which nationality ?
where did recording sessions take place for the michael jackson hit " beat it " ?
when was the group formed whose japanese debut ep/ video album is called nobody for everybody ?
what record officially started in 1519 in the same state that holds the city augustus chapman allen used his inheritance to fund the founding of ?
what edible , juicy fruit is grown on a deciduous tree called 'pesco ' in italian ?
mía maestro had a role in the 2002 biopic directed by whom ?
when was the son of kingsley amis born ?
ist das ihr fahrrad mr o ’ brien ? is a german biographical radio play about life , works and legacy of an irish novelist whose many satrical columns were written under what name ?
how many different schools does the university , in which andrew j. elliot is a professor of psychology , have ?
who was the great grandfather of franklin seaver pratt 's wife ?
what is the current job of the former partner in ice skating of vladimir fedorov ?
dan hurley is the brother of which head coach of arizona state 's men 's basketball team ?
sachin h. jain served as chief medical information and innovation officer for one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world called what ?
what american singer , had warren fu as one of their video directors , and also had to face allegation of illegal marriage with r. kelly ?
when was the actor who plays marius josipovic in sneaky pete born ?
which city in the baltimore metropolitan area includes a lake and surrounding park ?
the runner-up in the celebrity apprentice 2 has written an autobiography titled what ?
don holmes played for the football club that is based in what eastern suburb of perth ?
what else was baghdad known as during the abbasid caliphate ?
3:10 to yuma starred what american actor also known for his role as hoban washburne ?
when was the indian film actor , producer and playback singer born who debut with the 2000 war film , " refugee " and had lead role in main prem ki diwani hoon ?
why did the japanese occupy the westernmost and largest island in the near islands group ?
the 2006 ncaa wrestling championships crowned jake rosholt and another athlete known for powerful punches from what hand ?
lean on pete stars the actor best known for playing what role in granite flats ?
the woodvale historic district was built buy a company headquartered where ?
when was the novel published in 2010 which is part of the series of the maze runner ?
charice is the first international studio album of a singer who rose to popularity through what ?
how many termini does the train that runs on the c & m subdivision and runs between chicago and the pacific northwest serve ?
who owns the broadcasting platform where games done quick is broadcast ?
what did one of electron blue writer who is also an american musician found ?
when was the king that started coin production in copenhagen born ?
when did the black angolan was one of the earliest african-american landowners in what would become the united states.acieved his freedom
in 2010 , what was the population for a state which is known for annalee dolls ?
michael lent is best known as the co-writer of the memoirs of hugh rowland , a star on a reality television series that premiered on what date ?
indian mound cottage was owned by the financier that co-founded which company ?
which democrat running for president in 2020 currently holds maryland ’ s 6th district in the us house of representatives ?
what united kingdom prime minister was succeeded in the 1990s by the leader of the conservative party ?
in which year ngc 166 is located by an american astronomer who also discovered frank muller and ormond stone
which grammy nominated album was created by a band whose members include john bowman ?
what english campaigner for the suffragette movement did angela down portray ?
what is the female star of klepto best known for performing in ?
what star of a matthew senreich and zeb wells comedy was born in july of 1983 ?
what golden globe award actor starred in the film little fugitive ?
how many records has the singer which robert gale tour with during his fifteen year of tour sang with dropped
what year was a film made that starred michael bean and was directed by terry gilliam ?
when did the third international spin off of pawn stars debut ?
what other jobs did the actress olivia munn from mortdecai have ?
kingdom hearts 358/2 days was made by the company based in what part of tokyo ?
robert lewis " bob " pruett coached many high-profile national football league players , including a wide reciver that holds what 2007 nfl record ?
hall of fame racing was created by troy aikman , bill saunders , and which dallas cowboys quarterback known as " captain comback " ?
what organization affiliated with the national collegiate athletic association division were the 2012 hawaii warriors football team first year members of ?
mclemore avenue is to booker t. & the m.g.s as what road in the city of westminster in london is to the beatles ?
what is the man who hofstadter 's law is named after 's profession ?
which formula one world champion had a teammate named richie ginther ?
tedrow , ohio lies close to which 241 . 26 mi highway ?
which market town in lancashire is part of the bb postcode area ?
which major international airport in south-east england ranks as the 8th busiest airport in europe and replaced croydon airport ?
what australian electoral division in new south wales created in 1906 covers suburbs like alexandria ?
what is the english name of émile verdets editorial ?
what part of the great power concerts such as the eu trio , the nato quint , the g7 , and the g20 , is italy associated with ?
what kind of political party that combined conservative policies with liberal stances were pio cabanillas gallas and jose maria de areilza the leaders of ?
what was the population in 2016 of the city that norman foote is originally from ?
what author reflected on the contrast between ethiopian airlines and other african airlines ?
what college did the person who defeated fedor emelianenko play football at ?
what novel is a followup the heir to the empire trilogy ?
which princess of french origin did conrad iv of germany married to
for what film was an actor in alligator nominated for an academy award ?
who was the winner of the season of the rap game where a contestant named lady leshurr as one of her influences ?
what made the man who abolished the consell in 1718 resume the throne ?
what concert hall is located on the northern edge or south kensington , london , and had songs chosen from a number of concerts there ?
eduard schweizer teaches at a german university with over how many students ?
who is the fictional head of a british secret service division and for which a one-time missionary was the inspiration for ?
how many visitors per year does the first stop of oc transpo route 97 attract each year ?
brad budde played professionally for a team in the nfl that was founded in 1960 as the dallas texans by who ?
who sang lead vocals on the oasis hit single which had an acoustic debut in drummer tony mccarroll 's last concert ?
which royal air force is located in a town that had a population of 2,841 on 15 april 2012 ?
which company owned by a pakistani media mogul produced the pakistani romantic drama film dobara phir se ?
ho is the brother of the american transgender actor known for his work on mtv 's " faking it ? "
what 6-story building was listed on the national register of historic places in 1980 ?
the movie " 100 million bc " continues the urban myth of an experiment allegedly carried out at waht shipyard ?
who released the song " with or without you " first , jai mcdowall or u2 ?
pontiac marketed the 2+2 as the " big brother " to an automobile built by pontiac between which years ?
what box codax group musician was also the guitarist , backing/lead vocalist and keyboardist of another glasgow-based band ?
professional cyclist sara symington competed in which olympic games held in sydeney , australia ?
werner christie served under the politician who was also director-general of what other organization ?
what is the name of this french former footballer whom football fans refer the football player wilfred bamnjo to as ?
ken pruitt was a republican member of an upper house of the legislature with how many members ?
which super bowl that took place at the miami dolphins home stadium , featured the san francisco 49ers defeating the san diego chargers ?
straight to hell was the first ever country music release to merit this what organization 's parental advisory label ?
what is the occupation of the miami dolphins owner 's wife ?
bridge of spies stars a soviet intelligence officer with what name ?
the person " planet earth rock and roll orchestra " was the final solo album for died on what date ?
on what uhf channel is the station that cindy williams is on broadcast ?
docks has hosted the funk rock band formed in what city in 1983 ?
home was an animation film that included which rihanna song that premiered on february 24 , 2015 ?
which football club did michael whitham briefly manage in lincolnshire , england ?
what cover for the main game of nba 2k16 earned a gold medal playing with team usa at the 2012 summer olympics ?
who is both an austrialian-born british independent filmaker and is known for his work with the youtube series the periodic table of videos ?
where was the second world junior ice hockey championship in which miroslav přerost coached the men 's national junior ice hockey team hosted ?
what character did the star of into the homeland play on the tv show nashville ?
to what team was the 2014 nba rookie of the year traded in october 2016 ?
" this ole house " topped the uk chart in 1981 in a recording by a platinum-selling british rock and roll singer whose recording and performing career began when ?
the 2015 cotton bowl was played at the stadium that was the home of which nfl team ?
what cason , ca soccer team features the son of roy lassiter ?
what lithuanian producer is best known for a song that was one of the most popular songs in ibiza in 2014 ?
easter airways ' head office is located at which airport owned by manchester airports group ?
bure family wines is named after former ice hockey player ?
what is the name of the multi-use sports and recreation facility that currently houses professional football club dynamo kyiv ?
what 4 divisions make up the company of the wealthiest person in georgia ?
where did the opera in which iva pacetti starred as elena first premier ?
of all the teams john nyskohus played for , which team was known as " the black and whites ? "
what profession did mike robbie 's father practice ?
what is the given name of the character depicted as juliet hulme in heavenly creatures ?
valuair was acquired in 2005 by a low-cost airline based where ?
love child is a 1982 biopic starring beau bridges , mackenzie phillips , and an actress that was nominated for the academy award for best supporting actress for what 1985 film ?
who was the new york city fire commissioner at the time of providenza panno 's death ?
which system of parliament was modeled after the united kingdom and is also used in canada ?
the reporter who digs into the campaign of a former marine colonel , worked where in cleveland ?
what was the nationality and profession of the person responsible for the concept of a dimensionless number in physics and engineering ?
what athletic team has its football and basketball games broadcast on kfst and has a mascot who is named bevo ?
which english actor starred in the 1995 american romantic drama film the scarlet letter alongside demi moore and robert duvall ?
chantal thomas wrote a book that was turned into a 2012 film directed by whom ?
what i saw : reports from berlin , 1920-1933 is a book by a writer born in which year ?
who was the last monarch of england to be overthrown before the english general election , 1690 ?
what american actor born in 1946 was in a 1996 martial arts film written , produced , and directed by donald g. jackson and is also the uncle of charlie sheen ?
jamil walker was born in a city with how many residents ?
which musician was a member of the rock band silverchair and signed under eleven : a music company ?
jolyon james performed the role of moonshadow in a musical by a composer of what nationality ?
stitch 's great escape ! replaced the theater-in-the-round attraction in which section of the magic kingdom theme park ?
who produced the film that featured the the song " no matter what " on the us edition of the soundtrack ?
philadelphia , here i come ! is a 1964 play by an irish dramatist who has been likened to an irish checkhov ?
wiener werkstätte style was part of the movement that took place during what eras ?
who was the director of the 1987 american psychological thriller film in which the actor , who played bob charles in " not necessarily the news " , appeared ?
santa bring my baby back was released on which fourth elvis studio album in 1957 ?
what novel about a murderer inspired till lindemann 's music ?
which founding member drew critical acclaim as a bass guitarist with melodic basslines on murmur ?
air chief marshal hugh caswall tremenheere dowding was unwillingly replaced in command by a senior commander in the royal air force born on what date ?
the song by english indie rock band florence and the machine written by florence welch and francis " eg " white and released in 2011 is named after the painting which was completed in which year ?
what is a crime that is punishable by the type of sentence that madame le corbeau received in canada ?
the 2011 fa community shield annual football match saw manchester united win the game 3-2 with goals from nani and this english professional footballer who played as a center-back ?
in which language is the notable song by suresh peters from " gentleman " ?
wrestlemania xxx took place at the home venue of which national football league team ?
atlas shrugged was a film based on the books by a proponent of what philosophy ?
who directed a 2005 supernatural horror film starring an actress who appeared in the patriot and kill your darlings
frank blake 's longtime protégé was also the chairman and ceo of what company in addition to the home depot ?
what is the name of the american author , songwriter , educator , lawyer , diplomat , civil rights activist and husband to grace nail johnson who was the first african american executive secretary of the national association for the advancement of colored people ( naacp ) ?
who wrote and directed the american film , elephant ?
beyond the edge was a docudrama about the mountaineer that was part of the everest expedition led by whom ?
where do both the new jersey devils and the seton hall pirates play ?
the american actor chip zien is best known for this broadway production by which american composer and lyricist who received an academy award and tony awards ?
jaroslav kvapil the czech poet was born in the kingdom of bohemia , also referred to by what name ?
the 2015 crossfit games were held at what multiple-use sports complex that is approximately 14 miles south of downtown los angeles ?
what stadium in pyongyang , north korea hosted the collision in korea and is also known as the may day stadium ?
on what day of the week did the eleventh season 's finale of american dad air ?
when will flicker , created by a member of one direction , be released ?
what program did this basham brother who appeared with world wrestling entertainment between 2002 and 2007 participated in 2007 ?
who co-wrote taylor swift 's song that had its music video premiere during the pre-show of the 2015 mtv video music awards ?
the ninth the desert sessions lp was released by by what kind of band ?
who helped initially design the gotha go 229 and later died in argentina in 1994 ?
which south african politician won the indirect presidential election with 277 votes ?
to which competition did the university at albany , suny send a puerto rican hurdler and sprinter ?
how many albums have been sold by the band who was supported by iron maiden on their world wide blitz tour ?
what is the nickname of this american retired airline captain celebrated for his water landing with jeffrey skiles , after a bird strike and being unable to reach an airport ?
what basketball player elected to the national collegiate basketball hall of fame released music through rendezvous music ?
what is the name of the actress who played as blair cramer from the daytime drama series " one life to live " for 20 years who is also currently playing as eve donovan on " days of our lives " ?
what is the relationship between the singers on the album tales of old grand daddy ?
which private catholic liberal arts college in standish did don ashley turlington graduated from
what was the address of the building on u.s. route 3 that was the tallest building in new hampshire when completed in 1972 ?
in what year was the american singer , who with kiely williams , sabrina bryan , and raven-symoné made up the cheetah girls , born ?
what was the the origin of the player that the bull 's traded with 76ers during the 1999-2000 midseason ?
who was born first , bobby keys or joe cocker ?
in " bon cop , bad cop " , canadian actor rick howland played the role of harry buttman ( a parody of gary beltman ) , who is the current commissioner of what national sports league ?
gail matthius co-anchored the weekend update segment of " saturday night live " with the actor who played the villain nicholas andre in what movie ?
what is the estimated population of the province where winnipeg jewish theatre is located ?
what career did the british actor born in 1965 and star of lock , stock and two smoking barrels have before acting ?
what english-american actor known for his role in " raiders of the lost ark " starred in the lodger ?
who wrote the tragic play which also has a 1968 film with a soundtrack by nino rota ?
the municipality of mirditë is in a country that had how many inhabitants in 2016 ?
in addition to the individual born on august 21 , who else wrote he 's the great imposter ?
who hosted the itv show celebrities under pressure and all star family fortunes ?
when did they start the award which russell get for his " little green apples "
in what year did the israeli presidential elections take place after the resignation of the seventh president of israel ?
which season of alias does the english actor , who was born 25 june 1961 , appear ?
the rapper whose debut album was titled " thug misses " has sold over how many records worldwide ?
q : which actor played a role in the comedy series " 30 rock " as well as the drama series " mad men " ? a : jon hamm
brian newman 's wife performs for what genre of variety show ?
the community that contains downtown summerlin occupies how many acres ?
what was a series of battles during the revolutionary war , for control of new york city and the state of new jersey , fought on october 28 , 1776 near white plains , new york ?
josé baviera starred in the 1962 film by the filmmaker who worked in what countries ?
what national team has the brother of arturas javtokas been a member of since 2004 ?
the son of former giants co-owner bob tisch worked with who to produce the testimony ?
extract starred what american actress who is known for her work on saturday night live from 2005-2012 ?
what east of piccadilly star apperared in dozens of stage performances ?
what river can a large african bovine be seen bathing in in the mwabvi wildlife reserve ?
what is diego tonetto 's italian passport called ?
the host of pokerface is from where ?
a pakistani photogropher was the personal photographer of a pakistani politician who served as prime minister of pakistan from 1973 to 1977 , and who also served in what political office prior to that ?
which of the 2017-18 cheshire league divisions is ashton town association football club currently a member ?
where was nexon who was composed by adam gubman located at ?
how many minutes outside of carson city is the moonlite bunnyranch on moonlight road ?
how many women in total competed at the asian games the year lee young-sun achieved her personal best throw of 58.87 metres ?
what member from the clinch mountain boys plays at the huck finn jubilee bluegrass music festival ?
what nationality was the pirate who along with robert culliford stole jean fantin 's ship ?
the trophy given to the winner of the college football game between university of idaho vandals and university of montana grizzlies is derived from which european culture ?
the creators of the product designation tsr 2002 was the first to publish what kind of game ?
viking : the ultimate obstacle course was a game show that aired in europe with the british presenter who was an olympic participant in what sport ?
which american actor portray steve urkel in " family matters "
this zimbabwean singer/songwriter co-wrote a song recorded by a barbadian singer for her fourth studio album named what ?
the 2000 icc knockout trophy was the debut of a jamaican cricketer who is a right-handed what ?
die nacht was composed by german composer , richard strauss . what other well known operas did he compose ?
the church of england 's oxford movement was opposed by a clergyman who wrote what type of literature ?
who founded the collective which released the album messe i.x-vi.x ?
who created the show with wendy schaal doing the voice of francine ?
which movie was valeria golino in that also stared tom cruise ?
in which city is a football club that uses gabriel barbosa ?
what other occupation did the " law west of the pecos " have ?
this experts network sports analysts was inducted into the pro football hall of fame in 2000 and played in the nfl for how many seasons ?
what national park contains the thornton river and the blue ridge mountains ?
when was the english writer and screenwriter , died who was creator and writer of " are you being served ? " with david croft ?
in what county did michael ola attend high school ?
which american-canadian actor starred in the disney channel 's " good luck charlie , it 's christmas ! " ?
the cat in the hat was a comedy film directed by which production designer and director ?
which american digital media company and news satire organization that publishes articles on international , national , and local news did the comic artist of jim 's journal co-found ?
what team did robbie keane play for after inter milan ?
for what ogranization does a commentator of press tv serve as associate director ?
license to drive featured what future president of the screen actors guild ?
in which county is the town in which raymond robertsen was born ?
who is the british explorer and holder of several endurance records who partnered with mike stroud on polar expiditions ?
what are these two malaysian businesses , theme park hotel and genting highlands , considered ?
who was the defense counsel of a german woman who underwent catholic exorcism rites during the year before her death ?
which star on the mexican telenovela " amy , la niña de la mochila azul " is also a singer , model , fashion designer , and recording artist ?
no smoking is a film loosely based upon the short story quitters , inc. , which of three stories that are connected by the presence of what animal ?
who starred alongside south korean actor and singer kim ki-bum in the 2012 romantic comedy series i love lee tae-ri ?
the extended play ( ep ) " calibraska " by the american pop-rap duo jack & jack , known for their 2014 single " wild life , " is a portmanteau of what two u.s. states ?
still reigning is a live performance dvd that showcases an album described by kerrang ! as what ?
what team was led to victory in 1939 by a two-time all-american basketball player nicknamed " scat " ?
runaway scrape events of the texas revolution , culminating in this battle , was a fight that lasted how long ?
what series was emily bergl in that is set in chicago ?
what college teamdid the point guard that led the way for philedlphia 76ers in the 2017-18 season play basketball in ?
how many episodes were made for the science fiction series with gus birney ?
where was the singer born who performs pon de replay and was born robyn fenty ?
what year was the player the los angeles clippers aquired from the atlanta hawks born ?
what was the other name for the war between the cherokee people and white settlers in 1793 ?
who bestowed kaganoi shigemochi with a blade made by the person that founded the muramasa school ?
the voyage is a wooden roller coaster located at a theme park divided into how many sections ?
of what county is the city 7 miles east of trace state park the seat ?
carroll county , ohio is named after the only catholic signatory to the declaration of independence , who is he ?
what was triggered by the resignation of conservative mp stephen phillips on 4 november 2016 and was when caroline johnson became a member of parliament ?
during the 2012-13 blackppol f.c . season , their top scorer was what english professional footballer who plays as wither an attacking midfielder , winger , or forward for premier league club huddersfield town ?
what president was assassinated and had worthy stevens streator as one of his pallbearers ?
both wags atlanta and wags are what ?
how many newspapers are in the group that hills valley weekly is a part of ?
which southern georgia city features the blazers college athletic teams ?
the walkley heights suburb is located on land that was the home of a prison built in what year ?
where is the concert venue which hosted the first us performance of " libuše " located ?
which group of people nicknamed the us armys regiment " buffalo soldiers " in which thomas shaw won the medal of honor during the indian wars ?
in what city did the 23rd overall pick of the 2015 nhl entry draft helped the united states national junior team win a bronze medal ?
what is the length of the river into which pack creek runs after it goes through the spanish valley ?
gloria s. butler can find her constuancy in what directional sections of dekalb county , georgia ?
" outside of heaven " is a popular music song which a recording by eddie fisher was made at a building that in 1976 was purchased by who for $ 3 millon ?
who else beside the american university administrator and politician from the state of oklahoma was part of the boren-mccurdy proposals ?
kevin yorn an american entertainment attorney who represents an australian actor who played the role of josh taylor in what soap opera ?
in what year did construction begin on the stadium where the 2013 america east men 's lacrosse tournament was held ?
the focus city for israel 's third largest airline is located where ?
who starred in umm-e-kulsoom whose mother was afshan qureshi ?
skyplex has which roller coaster that will become the tallest in the world when it opens in 2020 ?
the black star line was a part of the marcus garvey movement that was also known by what names ?
daniel walcott was selected by the new york rangers in the 5th round of a nhl draft that was held in what city ?
the eighth-longest rollercoaster in the world is located in what theme park ?
a vehicle that uses hydrogen as its onboard fuel for motive power is cosidered which , flex-fuel or bi-fuel ?
yves apollinaire pede made sand paintings of which south african anti-apartheid revolutionary ?
what state was the dissenter in kessler v. treat from ?
an english lawyer had christopher mont as an agent and was awarded denization where ?
the trans-tasman challenge winning car was based off which second generation north american ford compact car ?
where are people with adolf bestelmeyer 's nationality from ?
what is the population of the birth city of daniela scalia ?
many jack-in-the-boxes use an english nursery rhyme with a roud folk song index number of what ?
who was the founder of the network on which the pakistani drama serial " meri beti " aired ?
what was the nickname of the player who played his final season for the 2016 miami dolphins before dying in an accident ?
abba kovner was a jewish hebrew and yiddish poet , writer and cousin of the youngest and longest surviving signatory of what ?
larry mosley and his cousin shane mosley both box in which division ?
henricus antonius " han " van meegeren sold a forged painting to a military leader who was the recipient of what ?
manni sandhu worked with what singer that was born in 1977 ?
the nazi architect that was most rewarded and favoured by adolf hitler alongside hermann giesler held what type of ministerial office ?
which of the writers of " the telltale head " was born on february 15 , 1954 ?
which 1949 british black comedy film does the skindles hotel appear on ?
which composer , who was a crucial figure in the transition between the classical and romantic eras in western art music , wrote piano sonata no . 16 ?
future rhythm is the fourth album from a rap group that is from what city ?
ross pople worked with this french dominant figure of the post-war classical music world .
who conducted the negotiations with the owners and the longest serving commandant of auschwitz concentration and extermination camp ?
" show 'em ( what you 're made of ) " is a song written by a group of people including an american singer/songwriter who was inducted into what on april 10 , 2015 ?
what was another title published by the owner of the pseudonym frank talk ?
what do susan stafford and vanna white have in common ?
when did the author of " computing machinery and intelligence " die ?
alexander s. wadsworth served during the war that was faught between which two countries ?
how close to louisville was randal malone born ?
what was the steven seagal film under siege oscar nominated for ?
at what school is the individual who was awarded the 2012 nobel prize in physics , jointly with david j. wineland , a professor ?
veu , the american television channel owned by golden west broadcasting was similar to a defunct television servied owned by who ?
in what year did the irish politician who led the introduction of the constitution of ireland resign as president of the legitimatist government , the council of state ?
where did the military engagements that captain lewis cunningham broadus served during take place ?
felicia pearson is a rapper who appeared in the single " here i am " by who ?
lady elizabeth delmé and her children ( 1779 ) is a portrait given to the national gallery of art in 1937 , which is located in which state ?
22 years earlier , the predecessor to the magic mouse and mighty mouse was what ?
in what league does the team play that has marko dmitrović as a player ?
what is the population of the settlement that is next smaller than the city with a population of 67,038 on the argentine side of tierra del fuego ?
national stadium bts station is near the shopping center in what thai city ?
the rhymers ' club met at ye olde cheshire cheese listed as what type of house ?
pajottenland has historically provided beers that include are fermented through yeasts native to what valley ?
when was the advisor of alpher–bethe–gamow paper died ?
ali eren balıkel started a restaurant which hosted a number of famous figures including an english actor who won three consecutive what ?
when was the american singer , songwriter , record producer , dancer and actress born who 's second studio album is chapter ii ?
what was the album by coldplay after the one with a song referencing chris martin 's unrequited love ?
who performed the simon & garfunkel song that was a follow-up single to " the boxer " on australian idol ?
what is the birthdate of this australian dramatic coloratura soprano , who taught simon gilbert ?
carlo buccirosso had a role in a movie that premiered at what film festival ?
what city has had an nfl football team with the same name as a los angeles nfl team ?
who was the architect of a dutch museum dedicated to the arts and history in amsterdam , located at the museum square ?
what american bluegrass singer performed the song restless with the new nashville cats ?
what theme park was seen as a competitor for ocean park hong kong and opened in september 2005 ?
which author wrote about a woman captured by the symbionese liberation army ?
the 1996 film " the christmas tree " stars andrew mccarthy and an actress that has won how any emmy awards ?
in what country does the director of shirin in love , live ?
what is the nationality of the foreign born victim of singapore 's caning punishment before oliver fricker experienced the same ?
where is the airline company that operated united express flight 3411 on april 9 , 2017 on behalf of united express headquartered ?
the chorus of " on the radio " contains references to the song " november rain " whose band 's lead singer is ?
when was the argentine former footballer which dutch manager ronald koeman replaced in 2014–15 southampton f.c . season born
kim jong-hyun 's first studio album was distributed by whom ?
vincas kudirka is the author of both the music and lyrics of a national anthem which has how many words ?
which indian cricketer was the penultimate holder of the title nawab of pataudi ?
progress ms-09 was used to resupply the satellite that first launched into orbit in what year ?
what type of tours does the host of tosh.0 conduct ?
what other jobs did the man that co-produced gyara hazar ladkian have ?
what is the name of this austrian association football club from vienna for which raphael holzhauser was a player ?
what do wrigley park and social networks have in common ?
who graduated from the sc bastia reserves and academy and was born 9 september 1987 ?
ganjam district is located in an indian state located in which part of india ?
at which arena does the team , for which adam mckenzi is currently a member , play their home games ?
what is the best known novel from the author of " laura warholic " ?
what former city , now the fourth-largest russian city , was the belarusian state technological university evacuated to in 1941 ?
what is the middle name of the singer who recorded would you like to take a walk ? with louis armstrong in 1951
what staff member of the editor of " london review of books " wrote a semi-fictionalised account of working for her ?
ljm was one of what type of company andrew fastow used in the enron scandal ?
who were the live-in lovers of the founder of " playboy " magazine in 1999 and 2000 ?
which record producer from stockbridge , georgia is the lead singer of collective soul ?
when was the game , in which drew gehling voices gord , released for playstation 2 ?
who does the minister at the first church of springfield help make teaching evolution illegal ?
in what chennai location are trade laws different from rest of the country ?
when was the swiss author and dramatist died who 's novel is " a dangerous game " ?
this one 's for the children had lead vocals by the singer and songwriter of what nationality ?
john paesano wrote which film for dreamworks dragons ?
the board member of goldman sachs also founded a company with a man who co-founded what ?
on which station did the 2014 south korean television series , starring the main rapper of boyband ss501 , air ?
what was the name of the book made into the 2015 south korean crime thriller , the deal , directed by son yong-ho and featuring south korean actor park sung-woong ( born january 9 , 1973 ) as a serial killer ?
what career led brandon james routh to move to the city where brian ralston lives ?
who commanded the anglo-canadian 21st army group and was nicknamed " monty " ?
this english indie pop band formed in 2005 consisting of oliver sims , and also inspired my wicked heart is from what city ?
which brother of john f. kennedy had a memoir released september 14 , 2009 ?
what river does waterloo bridge and london eye have in common ?
whataburger in richardson square is loacted in what city and state ?
how many grands prix wins did the formula one driver from brazil that holds the record for the most races contested score ?
which was the last of four alien films to feature sigourney weaver ?
which genre of television did charles quinton murphy act for ?
the memorial commemorating a 1941 japanese surprise attack was designed by whom ?
where was the danger mouse produced u2 album exclusively released ?
what award has both nicole kidman and tom cuise been given ?
the american comedy film krystal stars which actor who appeared in numerous films such as " contact " , " armageddon " , " the perfect storm " , " crash " , " blades of glory " , " black hawk down " , " nine lives " , etc . ?
what is the start date of this tour that was the third concert tour by an american singer-songwriter and was completed in support of the album red ?
which american bmx rider hosted a show that spun off from " real world " and " road rules " ?
what novella was " eyes wide shut , " starring vinessa elizabeth shaw , based on ?
what award was an actor born in 1955 that acted in the movie ransom nominated for ?
when was quiet in heaven/song of liberty recorded ?
in what year was the soft drink that the coca-cola company designed red flash to compete against created ?
the victoria 's secret fashion show features what fashion model who was born in 1988 ?
the death of cook depicts the death of james cook at a bay on what coast ?
which airport does travel service have their head office located in the capital of the czech republic ?
stamford baron st martin was a parish that has a church south of what river ?
what kind of producer is the person who helped created " the spiderwick cronicles " with holly black ?
what is the park that that people 's choice classic is a criterium around in close proximity to ?
what notable work from french music video director yoann lemoine features an apology and plea for forgiveness ?
janet williams has performed with an internationally recognized solo pianist whose recordings have earned him five what ?
which american popular music and country music singer recorded j. d. souther song
not about angels was used in the film adaptation of what novel by john green ?
in addition to hyerim and the individual who left the group in january 2010 to pursue her academic career , who were the other two final members of the group wonder girls ?
which actor , who also appeared in " the usual suspects " ( 1995 ) , does the 2017 action crime comedy baby driver star ?
although he mostly provided backing vocals as part of this group , mark owen 's first single " four minute warning " released on 4 august 2003 , was once part of this english pop music group .
smith morrill was responsible for what advantage to land-grant university ?
which conflict involving the mende ethnic group lasted for eleven years ?
what is one element of house dance where the dancer ripples his or her torso back and forth ?
what is the english translation of the name of the novel series which the four iii is the final installment of ?
the mother of megan phelps-roper is best known as the former spokesperson of a church located in what city ?
what kind of subgenre of a dark wave music , developed in 1980s in the uk , is using the musical duo from melbourne , australia ?
what is the name of the 1988 film starring gene bervoets that was based on the dutch to english translated novel , " the vanishing " ?
what is the nickname for the artist who released " sings the country music hall of fame hits , vol . 2 ? "
bordan tkachuk was the former ceo of which company , which provides it products ?
during the 2009 st. petersburg bowl on december 19 , 2009 , which future atlanta falcons wide receiver was the game 's mvp ?
the 2017 european short course swimming championships will be held in an arena which began construction when ?
humanzee is a hypothetical hybrid of humans with what great ape ?
of what ethnicity is the founder of the orchestra which debuted on january 1 , 1988 ?
which of the teams that sun-woo kim played on never won a division title ?
what football club was owned by the singer of " grow some funk of your own " ?
what series has smith worked on that is based on a novel by margaret atwood ?
when was the first stud book created for the breed of horse that came from rotrou introducing arabian horses to perche ?
what footballer beat out a german professional footballer despite his 18 clean sheets ?
steven s. crompton is a canadian-born artist known as the artist for a a fantasy role-playing game designed by ken st. andre and first published by who ?
the actor who played captain hook in peter pan live ! won the academy award for which film ?
robert jan van pelt testified for the defense in this " churchill 's war " author 's civil libel suit ?
where does the husband character reside in the book published in 1847 under the pseudonym " ellis bell " ?
which show aired first , " rudolph the red-nosed reindeer " or , " a charlie brown christmas " ?
what album succeeded kendrick lamar 's album that had the song money trees in it ?
yakuza kiwami is a remake of the first video game in what video game series that is an open world action-adventure beat 'em up video game franchise ?
what actress and and writer starred with jennifer saunders in bothe " the supergrass " and " french and saunders " ?
in what year was the drummer from the album " angel of retribution " born ?
who was an american senior operations officer for the central intelligence agency for 30 years and worked for eclipse group ?
in what country did irvine gerald sellar develop the second-tallest free-standing structure ?
what relative of charles hirshberg made important contributions to the study of solar wind particles and fields , as well as sun-earth relations ; and magnetospheric physics ?
... ready for it ? is a taylor swift song from the album scheduled to be released on what date ?
what character did g.d. spradlin 's collaborator marlon brando portray in " on the waterfront " ?
what is the magazine that listed " jump around " by house of pain at 325 out of " 500 greatest songs since you were born " , known for ?
in which year was the american politician , that both represented new york in the united states senate and served as an adviser to president richard nixon , re-elected for a fourth term as u.s. senator ?
what 's the function of axess , an it company spun out of japan airlines , the national flag carrying airline ?
william bromley-davenport held political office under the prime minister who was of which party ?
agnes body was the founding head of a state secondary school located on what road ?
who was the opponent of the republican of indenosia when nugroho notosusanto served as a member of the student army
mount stimson is the second highest peak in national park that encompasses how many acres ?
simon walker released a historical novel by james fenimore cooper named what ?
what insurance company sponsored the curling skins game in 2014 ?
who played the role of nettie harris in the 1985 film directed by steven spielberg ?
how many operas are among the artist who composed the prelude for clarinet in b-flat major best known works ?
the actress that plays charity in the drama series " greenleaf " is a member of a musical family from what city and state ?
jayaraj made the 2016 epic historical drama that is an adaptation of what shakespeare play ?
macaulay carson culkin was regarded as the most successful child actor since which actress , who was hollywood 's number one box-office draw as a child actress from 1935 to 1938 ?
the sports museum is a non-profit museum currently located in what multi-purpose arena that opened in 1995 ?
which gaming console was both yakuza kiwami and yakuza 0 released on ?
what is the middle name of the female msnbc journalist critiqued on the daily howler ?
which american former competitive swimmer was mitzi kremer team mate
the juan trippe professor at yale school of management is named after a pioneer in which field ?
football at the 2006 asian games with wisoon wichaya as its coach was played how many days prior to the opening ceromony in doha , qatar in 2006 ?
kenneth anderson served under the general who was which president of the united states ?
on which television network did joe penny play an investigator named jake styles ?
vincent drucci was a member of a rival gang to the mob boss who was known by what nickname ?
what actor portrayed that characters " kick-ass " and " count vronsky " ?
as of 2010 , what was the population of the county that was named after the 13th speaker of the house of representatives ?
what author wrote a three book series of memoirs that are studied in school systems around the world ?
how many times did the man who coached the 1986-87 unlv runnin ' rebels fail to win 20 games in a season ?
one of the signatories of the chicago statement on biblical inerrancy was which presbyterian pastor , known for taking a more presuppositional approach to apologetics ?
who is a guest in the final two episodes of season eighteen of south park ?
curious is a women 's fragrance by a singer born in what city and state ?
which canadian rock band released a song called " counterparts " and had a drummer who was inducted into the modern drummer hall of fame ?
harold brent wallis as producer and humphrey bogart as actor collaborated to make what 1942 film ?
which argentine marxist revolutionary , author , guerrilla leader , diplomat and military theorist did arther quinlan interview ?
what country of origin does witness and pamela wallace have in common ?
which australian singer-songwriter wrote cold hard bitch
what was the country which has border with the village where an austrian forest caretaker , naturalist , pseudoscientistref > ronald engert : " die forellenturbine als prinzip der kostenlosen energiegewinnung born ?
what mall was known as a twin of the mall located on i-45 on the southeast side of houston ?
while jennifer granholm was the govenor of michigan from 2003-2011 , ray wert was responsible for doing what for her ?
american singer-songwriter , taylor swift , self-penned the song , change , alongside nathan chapman , which was featured on her second studio album released by who ?
where is the company that came out with visionplus headquartered ?
in what year did australian-born comedian peter helliar write i love you too ?
what type of rock makes up the formation where douglas crabbe drove into a bar ?
which naperville central high school quarterback , became the 1988 starting quarterback for the leicester panthers ?
creolized forms of which language are found in traditional african religions of africa with some influence from christianity ?
how many united states house of representatives does maine 's congressional districts have ?
frankenweenie featured the voice of a canadian american actress who is known for second city television , as well as what 1996 movie that was directed by christopher guest ?
c. bernard jackson founded the center that started the career of which actor , who played the part of marty castillo in " miami vice " ?
what man won an academy award for his work on a drama based on the life of rocky graziano ?
criss angel generated $ 150 million in tourist revenue for his live performance show in what city ?
arthur saint-léon was the " maître de ballet " of the ballet company now known as ?
which client of lindka cierach played queen elizabeth ii in " the queen " ?
what is the population of the city where the akademisches kunstmuseum is ?
maximilian büsser was the ceo of a company that produced timepieces from which country ?
when was the sequel to the 2000 mystery by dan brown released ?
what company was luca cordero di montezemolo the chairman of that merged into a new netherlands-based holding company fiat chrysler automobiles nv ?
who is the english professional footballer that is the niece of a former footballer born in the same place as where he plays ?
kate ashfield plays what role in the 2004 british horror comedy film about a zombie uprising ?
which ocean would the ingredients likely come from for the she-crab soup ?
what is the name of the director from a country which has only one-tenth of its historical boundaries ?
what is the first name of the author who wrote the play in which rønnaug alten made her stage debut at den nationale scene in 1930 as " viola " ?
as former head of orange county ironworks , what has his hit tlc show called ?
the national council meets where in the federal palace ?
what party does the person that represents stoke newington central belong to ?
who was the wife of the united states army lieutenant general who received the distinguished service cross , and was the first of his west point class to be promoted to brigadier general , major general , and lieutenant general
which canadian province was captured with the support of the mi'kmaq , maliseet , passamaquoddy , abenaki , and penobscot ?
which of the campaign that brought out the term vichy republican on social media was formally launched on june 16 , 2015 , at trump tower in new york city ?
the not-for-profit company which owns a mark vi monorail was assisted in bond financing by whom ?
sparking the marian civil war , who helped the recently abdicated queen to escape her imprisonment ?
when did the first bank come into existence that is part of an organization that serves rural areas of india with basic banking and financial services ?
which star of hwarang : the poet warrior youth was born on november 16 , 1991 ?
what team was formed in 1996 that starred players like robert parish ?
which rapper released the album big fish theory featuring a number of styles of music including detroit techno ?
who served as the head coach for the grizzlies in the 2004-05 season and as head coach for the brooklyn nets ?
the lowry hotel is named after an artist , many of whose drawings and paintings depict what town ?
when the marlins are the home team , games are played at this park which was leed certified as the greenest mlb park in what year ?
where did the steamship company whose former director was an australian politician born in new south wales operate for its first 100 years ?
tim o'kelly was cast in a film because he resembled a killer nicknamed what ?
what famous pawn shop do richard kevin harrison and core harrison own ?
what type of product is the sponsor of the premiership rugby sevens seriesseries ?
what is the name of the largest shipping facility in the northeastern united states , where the boston red socks play ?
this sister company of líneas aéreas privadas argentinas is most commonly known by its shortened name austral ?
the current coach of the los angeles clippers was signed as a free agent to the san antonio spurs during what season ?
where does the team that flavio de jesús santos plays for play home games ?
at what summer festival might you find music by bakermat ?
in which period was this german composer , pianist , organist and conductor born in 1847 active , whose work " wedding march " became reference to any " wedding march ? "
chien-shiung wu 's expertise in experimental physics evoked comparisons to a scientist who passed away in which year ?
ed oxenbould plays tyler in a film directed by which famous director ?
the first female correspondent for inside the nfl was replaced by who on the show american ninja warrior ?
a book that attracted 600 people at a 2015 reading is based on a person who is documented for what attribute of the transgender movement ?
what is the name of the band that had a song featured in the second installment of a 2005 horror film starring donnie wahlberg ?
which black comedy sequel to " forgetting sarah marshall " starred an australian actress ?
what two positions did the man who broke buzz arlett 's home run record play ?
which politician represents a city on the flathead indian reservation ?
the 2005 film remedy featured frank vincent from the sopranos and several mob movies by which acclaimed director ?
jalen jones plays basketball for an nba team that plays their home games in what arena ?
heikki seppa studied metalsmith at goldsmith 's school in helsinki , and later at a silver factory founded by who ?
who were the lead members of the group of actors who were in the film which was remade as the first film of " ocean 's trilogy " ?
what title did the actor who worked with sivaji ganesan in a 1970 drama film other than actor ?
what movement was the the person referred to as mumia part of ?
how large is the lake that is near wyee point ?
what is the main nickname of the professional association football club where ewan fenton spent thirteen seasons ?
which actor from the south korean-thai drama film final recipe debuted as a member of super junior-m in 2008 ?
lou pai is a former executive of an energy company that went bankrupt in what year ?
university visvesvaraya college of engineering has an affiliation with what member of the association of indian universities ?
how many small-box format stores are there for one of newell brands ' brand that sells scented candles , candleholders , accessories , and dinnerware ?
how many top 20 singles did the singer that released the 1990 album " reputation " have ?
what role was the english actress . who starred in the priory known for
under which ring name does the wrestler who participated in a taser match with bam bam bigelow , associate himself with in the world wrestling federation ?
what year did the person who beat alex clark for mayor in 1967 stop serving as a us senator ?
who was the american congressman whose actions led to a cia program to arm jihadi warriors in afghanistan in the 1980 's ?
in which city did he painter and printmaker associated with " les nabis " found salon d'automne ?
which of the role of cindy robinson was an anime adaptation of the " blue dragon " video game series ?
what bitcoin start up featured erik voorhees as director of marketing ?
how many albums had been recorded by talking heads by november , 1980 ?
pierre benjamin monteux conducted the world premiere of which play by maurice ravel ?
who sponsors the award alex rodriguez won two of ?
what machine has the same name as another machine created by ludwig boltzmann ?
after coaching the red raiders to several winning seasons , where does mike leach currently coach at ?
12 years a slave starred what british actor born 10 july 1977 )
which president did the american model who posed nude for penthouse and whose story is recounted in the book 'their lives ' gain notoriety after revealing a sexual encounter with him ?
who was the original recording artist of the song which was chosen over if you 've got trouble for the beatles ' " help ! " film ?
what is the title of the person who is head of the department of biological sciences at the university of lincoln
what kind of creative artist was howell conant , famed for his work with grace kelly ?
which tendencies does a group like uyoku dantai fall under ?
what actress from " the house of mirth " played an fbi agent involved in the cover up of extraterrestrials ?
what was the first role in television for the actress who played lindsay lohan 's best friend in the disney channel 's original movie " get a clue " ?
the norse-gaels language emerged from the intermarriage of the norsemen and what other ethnic group ?
gérard dubois opened the first la rose noire in which complex of office towers and hotels in hong kong ?
toby scott worked with which american singer born on may 24 , 1941 ?
what type of industry does tony bill and flyboys have in common ?
buck rogers xxvc is a published campaign setting or a homebrew campaign setting ?
what summit is located in the county who 's county seat is helena ?
dutch-born american businessman , harry koch , fathered a son born in 1900 that founded which oil refinery firm ?
erskine academy is located in a village in what county ?
bmw x5 is a mid-size version that was produced alongside which newer model , produced in 2009 ?
a 2013 smurfs moving is based on what short story that was originally published in 1820 ?
which region of ghana was the city where akrofuom is located ?
which guitar brand was endorsed by the band centered by ann and nancy wilson ?
the person who established the human biology journal had released how many publications at his death ?
who wrote the lyrics to the 2016/2017 australian production that stars gretel scarlett as kathy selden ?
juhi parmar who appears in colors tv 's high rated mythological show shani which premiered on november 7 2013 was born when ?
the st. louis bay bridge runs between bay st. louis and a city in what county ?
how many months apart are johan mjällby and neil lennon in age ?
how many cards can a player choose from to be part of their hand in the card game that was the culmination game of the united states poker championship ?
by how many points did dion lewis ' team trail by , in the third quarter , of the super bowl that they won ?
what is the name of a sri lankan political party associated with the aim of developing a national identity based on shared characteristics and preserving the nation 's culture ?
in what category did the composer of " elliot , a soldier 's fugue " win a tony award in 2008 ?
ivan simson was under the command of the officer who was most noted for a defeat at what wwii battle ?
what is the capacity , for basketball games , of the venue for the 2014 fiba basketball world cup final ?
high water is a song by bob dylan it was based on the 1927 lousiana flood . another song recorded by dylan about the event is when the levee breaks who is the husband and wife team that wrote and recorded this song in 1929 ?
what type of elevation does aldgate railway station , adelaide and aldgate , south australia have in common ?
in which year was the university where joost alois businger is an emeritus professor established ?
brandy was handpicked by a producer that herself had been recognized by the " guinness world records " for what ?
jessica ashley has recorded her own songs and has also written songs for which singer known for her song " leave ( get out ) " ?
how did the prominent member of the astor family who was a lieutenant colonel in the spanish-american war die ?
following the simple things a featurette directed by burny mattinson was produced , called what ?
maria radu is best known for winning the 3000 meters at which edmonton , alberta , sporting event ?
what is the genus of the viral disease that has symptoms such as fever , chills , loss of appetite , nausea , muscle pains , and headaches , and has a chance of causing liver damage ?
macbook offers what brand-type of displays that are higher-resolution than other portable computers ?
what famous composer leveraged microtonal music and unconventional methods of musicianship to create his contemporary reknown ?
who did the actor who played a bellhop in dead heat on a merry-go-round play in star wars ?
chun woo-hee 's notable films include a south korean horror film about a policeman who investigates a series of mysterious killings and what ?
the musician who did " khalaara " was born on what date ?
what city is home to the private research university jung seul-ki swam for ?
what building in the capital of city of brandenburg has a roof that is 1 m bigger than the roof of the der oderturm ?
during which months of the year does the goalkeeper for bengaluru fc play ?
dulce maria garcía rivas took part in a " mask vs. hair " match with which female wrestler at guerra de titanes ?
my neighbor totoro was produced by a japanese animation film studio founded in what year ?
which the wind 's twelve quarters story depicts a summer festival in the utopian city of omelas ?
mazda 's mazda6 belongs to which country 's car manufacturer ?
what was the name of juan manuel márquez 's wbo champion holding younger brother ?
droga5 has done advertising for an american fashion designer who is the founder of what besides ecko unlimited ?
cudjoe kazoola lewis was brought illegally to the united states on board a ship that was how many feet long ?
in what city was the song " where is love " first staged and did oliver twist meet the artful dodger ?
edward fitzalan-howard , 18th duke of norfolk is the son of what british army general and peer
mother and daughter duo indian actresses appear in which type of films
who was an american cartoonist and publisher who had fred carter working for him ?
what tower house near aberchirder , aberdeenshire did david gregory inherit ?
why i write was penned by which english novelist and critic ?
where was the super bowl , that alan faneca won , played ?
what type of word play does " what are little girls made of ? " and " what are little boys made of ? " have in common ?
what is the name of the historic figure whom participated in surveying the borders of the district of columbia and had a premier african american recreation center named after him ?
the music magazine launched by rob stone and jon cohen that interviewed cupcakke about her album audacious in september was the first print publication to be released where ?
what is the name of the third act in a play where a character named carlo gérard is partly based on a revolutionary figure ?
in which european language is " olympischerer " an adjective ?
on which 2012 american military science fiction action film , directed by peter berg , did jason snell work ?
who directed the film that had " the distance " in the soundtrack ?
barbara streisand 's 34th album partners features a duet with which of her children ?
what is the population of the city as of the 2010 census where the band quincy mumford & the reason why is based ?
the thid episode of the first season of the simpsons , features which character voiced by harry shearer ?
oak beach , new york and great south bay are both situated between what same island ?
how many years in prison did the norfolk farmer defended by anthony scrivener serve ?
who is the cofounder of big gates records that collaborated with dj khaled on his second album “ we the best ” ?
jeff perry the current star of the abc political drama scandal is in an upcoming thriller direct by who ?
on what continent is the business port that was struck by one of its worst typhoons in history on 2 september 1937 ?
what event in 1920 was established by the director of the play " the miracle ? "
where is the investment firm that acquired ti automotive in 2015 headquartered ?
back up n da chevy was an album by the rap group from what city ?
what flag features 13 stars , and has a creator who also has a memorial bridge named after her connecting pennsylvania and new jersey ?
what city is the army division that conducted operation blue hearts in the korean war based out of ?
" the chance of a lunchtime " is an episode of a bbc sitcom writtem by who ?
the series of novels that reference numerous locations and incorporates themes from multiple genres is titled what ?
double dragon starred the actor and martial artist who played which character in " brotherhood of the wolf " ?
the winner of the 1984 united states senate election in maine took on what political role from 1997-2001 ?
get off is an album by a group using which style originating in nyc in the early 1970s ?
what past honoree from the new dramatists organization is a powerful baritone who won the tony award for best actor in 2000 ?
" let 's get ready to rhumble " is a 1994 song by a music duo from where ?
the schumann–runge bands are named for at least one german what ?
don swayze was one of five children . his older brother was trained in dance by their mother , patsy swayze , leading to his role in " dirty dancing " . who is his older brother ?
rainforest ecological train runs through a national park with an area of how many kilometers ?
who is the player that is dutch who was the head of the arsenal football club ?
where was one of sergei prokofiev 's most well-known operas first performed in 1921 ?
how many films were directed by the director of wise blood ?
in what county is the community , to which the character everett turner is travelling to in the book " away west " , located ?
who is colin kaepernick and what is his preferred nickname ?
what did the person in which the toronto pearson international airport is named in honour of organize to win the nobel peace prize ?
timothy j. sloan was the ceo of wells fargo who succeeded the ceo who took the job in what month ?
in what year was the singer who popularized " i 'll keep the lovelight burning " born ?
what was the codename for the atomic bomb that is dropped by someone other than the weaponeer frederick ashworth ?
the hip hop republican was credited with giving blacks emphasizing traditionalism and capitalism a sense of community during which presidential election ?
what band did both delores holmes and an inductee to the rock and roll hall of fame sing in ?
the actor that plays phileas fogg in " around the world in 80 days " , co-starred with gary cooper in a 1939 goldwyn productions film based on a novel by what author ?
jacques coghen is a direct ancestor to the spouse of which belgian queen ?
when was the star of the 1982 remake of the spider 's web appointed to dame commander of the order of the british empire ( dbe ) ?
when did the mother of joseph ferdinand leopold of bavaria die ?
the actress known for her role in " lost in translation " also appears in untitled avenger film with which male actor who plays the character thor ?
what king was the intended victim of the plot that thomas arundell was briefly suspected of being a part of the same year he became the 1st baron arundell of wardour ?
in what town is the university which the bryant bulldogs represent ?
the king who opened newcastle civic center in 1968 was born in what year ?
electoral district of bragg currently includes which suburb in the city of burnside , adelaide ?
midland f1 racing was a racing team that , in 2007 , competed under what name for sponsorship reasons ?
what anchor store in the stratford square mall has 728 department store locations in the continental united states ?
what was the previous name of the italian town that is about 15 kilometres from a former cistercian monastery ?
which film was shannyn sossamon in that was directed by michael lehmann ?
what was built near the residential neighborhood of ramsay , calgary in 1983 ?
when did the man for whom st vincents hall , grantham was built found his eponymous company ?
gül train is a project of which eurasian political and economic intergovernmental organization ?
michelle lewis has written songs for which " lizzie mcguire " actress ?
choi jun-hong is best known as a member of a group formed in which year ?
what bluegrass singer provides vocals for a song on the album which was released in september 2013 through prmd music ?
toyota innova is part of the imv program along with which light commercial vehicle ?
when is the election held for the position former policy director krishanti " krish " vignarajah is running in ?
what award was won by niels henrik david bohr , a danish physicist who established the nordic institute for theoretical physics ?
the founder of the covenant , the sword , and the arm of the lord is a close associate of what man responsible for the oklahoma city bombing ?
in what city did the 1959 william & mary indians football team lose against the # 13 naval academy ?
often seen at the academy awards pre-show , what is robin roberts 's occupation ?
from what nation is the football player who was named man of the match at the 2001 intercontinental cup ?
what is the name of the basketball team that trained under assistant coach , steven michael henson at the university of oklahoma ?
how many members does the tennessee volunteers football team 's conference have ?
what british rock band released the album brothers in arms in 1985 which also featured a song with the same title ?
danglemah , new south wales is between which town and the town on the south-eastern edge of the northern tablelands , new south wales australia ?
what 3 countries are part of the legal name of the airline that merged with braathens in 2004 ?
who played the female lead in a 2007 indian telugu film that was an unofficial copy of a remake of lina wertmuller 's 1974 film ?
what river runs near the tidal island of eilean tioram ?
what genre did the writer whose novel was based on " i 'll take manhattan " writes ?
which of damon stoudamire 's cousins once played college basketball for the university of kentucky ?
william hodges visited a polar region as part of a voyage , the region is how big ?
what is name of the business unit led by tina sharkey at a web portal which is originally known as america online ?
piers bizony has written articles for which magazine based in bristol , uk ?
this film is an adaption of a jacques offenbach 's opera that was written by a hungarian british screenwriter ?
a man who played in the 1986 fifa world cup played for what team during the 1982 scottish league cup final ?
old bushmills distillery was in the process of transitioning from the ownership of the company that had a headquarters in what english city ?
how many children 's books has the writer of the sitcom maid marian and her merry men written ?
what is the name of the city 200 km north-west of sydney , australia that the armstrong 500 race was moved to ?
who was a species of alerce tree native to the andes mountains named after ?
steven rattazzi provides the voice for the character of doctor byron orpheus on an animated series created by who ?
what does the brewery that is located in the home of neuhaus produce ?
these three apps that have similar functionality to google for education are compatible with what microsoft file format ?
which contributor to the cbs news program " 60 minutes " also contributed to the great american dream machine ?
how many studio albums did the group that released the debut album the cactus al/bum release in their initial career ?
lt col. stewart francis newcombe was a british army officer and associate of a military officerthat was given what title ?
minneapolis hip hop collective member that released album in 2006 ?
what other name is the moor park mansion known as ?
who wrote the 2009 american home invasion horror film which andrea roth was known for her role in
what new york city is 60 miles northwest of the glen iris inn ?
dorothy sarnoff 's personal client list included what american novelist , who has sold over 800 million copies of her books ?
dean o'banion was the main rival of which mobster , known as scarface ?
princess marie-clementine bagration was the illegitimate daughter of the austrian empire 's foreign minister whose resignation was forced by what ?
where is the home of the common party princess voiced by idina menzel ?
which french aristocrat and military officer who fought in the american revolutionary war visited this historic home located at enfield , halifax county , north carolina , known as the cellar ?
what team does the third place winner from the 2006 san marino grand prix currently compete with ?
what is the name of the field marshal and strategist who was the mastermind behind the schlieffen plan ?
in what year was the aviator in whose honour the quai d'auteuil was renamed born ?
how many records did the boy band who released " said and done " sell worldwide as of 2013 ?
what is the origin of the name of the neighbourhood in which the building at 359 broadway is located ?
what was the population at the 2010 census of the city which , along with clayton , is covered by the mount diablo unified school district ?
a writer for the kenyon review won a pulitzer prize in what year ?
peter bales and raphael holinshed both worked on what project ?
the actor who starred in " the hearse " gained worldwide film by starring in whose series of 1940s films ?
sand mountainis part of the southern tip of a mountain chain in which part of north america ?
since what historic period has the area known for its crottin de chavignol goat cheese been inhabited ?
where is the brand " moe 's southwest grill " owned based ?
a british sports , health and leisure business hosted the world games on what dates ?
who was the murderer sent to " old smokey " for allegedly commiting " the crime of the century " ?
ella purnell appeared in this 2014 film loosely based on what fairy tale ?
which of the former british leyland companies is best know for it 's two-seat open sports cars ?
how many movies did the " comic book villains " star born on march 20,1970 apprear in since the early 1990s ?
what is this group referred to as that this russian composer , who wrote " the songs and dances of death , " is a member of ?
which of the university at which jack m. guttentag is a professor emeritus of finance was established in 1881 through a donation ?
what company produced the 1978 movie based on a book written by a radio playwright and children 's book author born in 1900 ?
orson scott card first published his short story " killing children " in this american science-fiction magazine whose first issue was published when ?
which crop first domesticated in mexico has its price regulated by a mexican parastatal created in 1962 ?
whose father is the name of the son of the chief counsellor to the king in hamlet taken from ?
what two singers who worked together on the song i would like to see you again also performed as part of a country music group which was active between 1985 and 1995 ?
what musical was inspired by the films that included ruth leuwerik 's best known role ?
which kevin costner movie included an actor who also starred in " little big league " ?
in which year was the coach of the 1917 pittsburgh panthers football team inducted into the college football hall of fame ?
who is this american cartoonist , writer , producer , animator , and voice actor that worked with this multiple shuster award , harvey award and eisner award nominee and an eisner award–winning comic book creator ?
tony leung ka-fai is a four time winner of the award that has been on offer since what month ?
which former lead guitarist has a solo album named two disc compilation album ?
who was the winner of the european cup the year that 39 people were killed ?
what speech by abraham lincoln was part of richard heffner 's a documentary history of the united states ?
the patriotic front promotes the interests of what nation particularly with the aim of gaining and mainting self governance .
what season of shark tank did roominate get invsetments
what is the mononym of the fillipino singer that released the album " my inspiration " ?
what is the birthday of the man who played lex luthor in superman iv : the quest for peace ?
the black star identified closely with this american magazine magnate who was called what ?
why did the ceo of the football team based in denver , colorado step down in 2014 ?
what was the name of the storm that was the fifth hurricane of the season where miami , florida became the new national hurricane center ?
the parc des buttes-chaumont was opened during the reign of the president of what era in france ?
the battle of uddevalla occurred during what 1675-1679 wars ?
what type of area did michel thomas work in when he was in the french resistance ?
what was the former name of the stadium , from 1997-2017 , where the aztecs play ?
as a nazi hunter , simon wiesenthal , was apart of a fued in what time frame ?
when was one of the fresco mural , one of the greatest treasures of the hood museum of art , painted ?
the subject of the biography " name dropper " was born in what year ?
a 2005 computer animated short film by pixar , and directed by an american director that was born in 1957 , is based on what film ?
what park is just south of the location where the new york jets played prior to moving to shea stadium ?
george lucas created what character to raise boba fett ?
where is the summer retreat the american mining engineer , inventor , and self-made member of fashionable society and his wife , who was a survivor of the " rms titanic " ?
who described the person who started the current american independent institute in 2014 as " one of the most influential operatives in the democratic party " ?
ricky martin 's concert tour in 1999 featured an american heavy metal band formed in what year ?
what was the previous name of the hotel bill cosby recorded his comedy album , for adults only , in ?
with what team did the player who eclipsed bill madlock 's batting title record for a third baseman win the world series ?
what american actor amd director is the son of debbie reynolds and eddie fisher ?
when was the stadium that held the 2015 magyar kupa demolished ?
for which band , was the female member of fitz and the tantrums , the front woman for ten years ?
who sparked the 972 unrest in lithuanian ssr ?
" the parasite " is a kind of text that has how many words ?
who was the running mate of the man about whose candidacy the 2016 book insane clown president : dispatches from the 2016 circus documents ?
besides dísir , what is another nordic term for a ghost ?
the driver know for doing backflips off his car lost to which driver in the 2009 nascar nationwide series ?
the man nicknamed " the mayor of silicon valley " was credited along with what engineer that was awarded the nobel prize for physics on december 10 , 2000
was princess charlotte of cambridge born before or after the repealing of the royal marriages act 1772 ?
what town in piscataquis county , maine , housed the smallest railroad in the united states in 1890 ?
lisa howard had a role in the comedy that had music and lyrics by whom ?
the term snake eyes is used in a particular casino game that uses what game pieces ?
who set nietzche 's philosophical novel to music ?
which footballer who is an attacking midfielder for premier league club stoke city , has jim cassell developed ?
who was president of the united states when jennifer hunt served under secretary of labor seth harris ?
robert bobby noble 's third football engagement was with a association station where ?
what was the budget of the prequel to beyond skyline ?
which war was hms clonmel in where over nine million combatants died ?
the magazine that nominated george rainsford for their best actor award in 2017 comes out every week on what day of the week ?
stanley " tookie " williams founded which african-american gang in los angeles , california in 1969 ?
what is the name of the us battleship best know for the setting of the film under siege and the site of the surrender of the empire of japan to end world war ii ?
at what theater is the composer and lyricist for the musical big fish a residential artist ?
lakshmi shankar is the mother-in-law of an acclaimed indian violinist who was noted for what ?
what was the population in 2010 of the town where the stelljes house is located ?
butautas tried to depose his uncle who between which years ?
what was the name of a land where maria anna of spain 's husband was king ?
shinola llc , an american luxury lifestyle band is owned and operated by bedrock brands a texas investment group launched by this man one of the founders of fossil group
what is the nationality of the author of fifty shades freed ?
among the prominent members of the walla walla expeditions was member of tribe whose reservation is how many square miles in total ?
the distribution of industry act was passed by a man who was prime minister when ?
what is the current occupation of the footballer replaced by zdenek zeman at the beginning of the 2012-13 a. s. roma season ?
what is the 2010 census population of the city in which antonio carmona añorve was the director of police ?
what movie was the actor born on may 4 , 1946 involved in in 1972 ?
the pollution prevention act of 1990 expanded a publicly available or private database ?
what german is arthur wesley wheen best known for translating ?
drachen fire was a roller coaster located behind which suspended coaster at busch gardens williamsburg ?
kevin wayne durant was named what ? ( an award initiated following 1952-53 nba season ?
in which film did emilio estevez star in in the same year as nightmares
nelson chai is the former president of what financial holding company that was founded in 1908 , and is headquartered in new york city ?
what was the founding year of the county where weber 's store is located ?
which of the fighter in battle of gavinana was created in 1422 , and came to an end when the holy roman empire was wound up in 1806 , as the result of the napoleonic wars ?
yau ma tei north is a district of a city with how many citizens ?
what nationality is the sport club that the current coach of werder bremen played professionally for ?
what type of conflict does nathaniel starbuck and bernard cornwell have in common ?
who directed the 2001 film that featured yu rongguang ?
when was the british economic historian who established " the economic history review " born ?
in the 1973 nfl season , the pro bowl took place at what football stadium that is part of the truman sports complex , along with what other stadium ?
what is the original surname for the actor who sang " it 's a de-lovely " in the 1962 revival of " anything goes " ?
water night was composed by what grammy-winning american composer ?
where is the highest level of baseball which koichi sekikawa is a former outfielder in located
what was the canadian movie called in italy that stared a professional american football defensive end of the national football league along with michael ironside ?
what team had tony roberts replaced by an american sportscaster from buffalo , new york when he retired ?
" collateral damage " is an episode of the television series " millennium " and features the host of a late night talk show that airs how often ?
in what year was the fantasy and science fiction author of the short story " recovery " born ?
les patterson saves the world was a comedy film starring the author of which autobiography ?
which spanish football team did ángel dealbert ibáñez played for
what film debut in 2006 with a south korean actress born in 1972 ?
the rome protocols were signed by three prime ministers one of which was assassinated as part of what ?
what part of australia is alice river and rupertswood in ?
the 1919 mississippi gubernatorial election incumbent democrat was a master of what ?
the environment act 1995 passed under the tutelage of a politician associated with what political party ?
among the cast for " suicide squad " , who has also appeared in " flags of our fathers " ?
while at the university of michigan , louis smith played with what american jazz trumpeter , bandleader , and composer ?
what profession does spice girls discography and emma bunton have in common ?
a therapy was written and directed by what french-polish film director who was born in paris ?
of four harry s. truman supreme court candidates , who was the 53rd united states secretary of the treasury and the 13th chief justice of the united states ?
the city charles prince airport is approximately 16 km northwest of was called salisbury until what year ?
the actress that played pearl gallagher on the tv sitcom " diff'rent strokes " is also the voice of an animated character that debuted in what year ?
what was the name of the commander who captured all of the french ships that varied in size ?
what is the middle name of the silicon valley entrepreneur disussed in the non-fiction book the unwinding ?
" knock " is an example of fiction by frederic brown that has how many words ?
what actor was also a president that richard darman worked with when they were in office ?
the lang labor party was the group that aligned with the policies of the government that followed what system ?
what is another name for basidiomycete fungus ?
which album did the band kraftwerk release after their successful album which reached number 25 on the us " billboard " hot 100 chart ?
dunstan is an electoral district that includes which suburb of adelaide in the city of norwood payneham st peters ?
when was aimee carrero 's depiction of angie first aired ?
a wind in the door is part of a series written by who ?
claudine 's return starred the actress who played which role on " married ... with children " ?
fodder on my wings is an album by a singer/pianist/songwriter born in which year ?
ladislav matejka 's michigan slavic publications has published volumes by which historian considered to be the founder of morphophonology ?
what is the highest peak in the mountain range in which elk valley , tennessee is located in ?
which cast member of pitch perfect 2 was born march 9 , 1986 ?
which danish professional football club that won three danish championships and five danish cup trophies did keld bordinggaard play for ?
zach parise 's father played in which league ?
what kind of material forms the wrapping for the chocolate candies that hershey kissables were shaped like ?
erving goffman was cited as higher than a literary critic on which guide ?
" up there down there " is a rock song written by an american guitarist who married a fellow rock musician by the name of what ?
what country does ogwini comprehensive technical high school and durban have in common ?
what year did a director of a north korean cinema film get kidnapped ?
jamie campbell bower was a cast member of the tnt show that was canceled after how many seasons ?
phyllis kohn holds a seat in the house of representatives which meets where ?
jim price appeared on the rolling stones album released in what month ?
where is anticimex 's parent company headquartered ?
in what state did this band form that is an american metalcore band , founded in mid-2009 , and whose lead vocalist was jerry roush ?
what division of mexican football is the team that jesús daniel garcía esparza currently plays for ?
what cuisine is described as a cultural blending of mediterranean influences ( such as those created by italian and spanish populations ) ?
who is the father of the king who attempted to have eardwulf assassinated
where did leigh anne tuohy ’ s son play college football ?
what did an english former footballer purchase in march 2009 ?
ruddles brewery is owned by a pub retailer and brewer based in what city ?
the producer of " live by night " began his film career playing what role in " critters 3 " ?
which bob stoops coached team beat the 2016 auburn tigers football team ?
which 2010 norwegian documentary miniseries featured an expert who is the director of the university of cambridge 's autism research centre ?
which american anthology horror series created and produced by ryan murphy and brad falchuk did denis o'hare filmography performance in the first season of
when did the romance languages of slovenia evolver from vulgar latin ?
ashley benson portrayed the role of brit in the 2012 crime film directed by whom ?
millennium greens were funded in part by a what type of lottery ?
what happens in vegas , an american comedy film starring lake bell , was released in what year ?
on what kind of field did the team led by head coach joe harasymiak play ?
lake wales ridge national wildlife refuge is on the us route that runs between a city in what florida county ?
irish print journalist , arthur quinlan , was the only one to interviewed which major figure of the cuban revolution ?
saltillo engine is an engine plant in ramos arizpe that belongs to the american subsidiary of what company ?
what station is 3 miles away from the railway station that was used in the film " brief encounter " ?
what nationality was the lover of lord alfred douglas ?
the university where rolf martin theodor dahlgren worked as a professor has how many employees ?
when was the english rock band formed that 's first recording remained unreleased for three years ?
reeves plains power station is a proposal from a company owned by who ?
daddy was an american pit bull who was integral to the work of what mexican-american dog behaviorist with over 25 years of canine experience ?
what musical duo used samples from the first presenter of " tomorrow 's world " in their album lost and safe ?
who released the 2012 record of red ?
joan bennett kennedy , who had three children including kara kennedy , was known for pursuing which career ?
what is the name of the vocalist who collaborated with the rap duo who won the 2002 grammy award for best rap performance by a duo or group ?
who directed the film leigha kayleen hancock is best known for ?
what commentator and author questioned the validity of core 's non-profit status ?
what league did was the team that played home games at holman stadium belong to ?
who was the king of england who became king after the death of his younger brother and whose reign was chaotic due to rivalry with relatives until his own death a few decades later ?
what is the birth date of this american composer , who composed the ghost quartet ?
when was the female co-founder of the organization that published the " daily word " devotional born ?
what other things did blind arab philosopher who is also abd allah ibn al-fadl teacher do
the announcer of " screen gems network " was the voice of a mascot for what cereal ?
in what field did a swiss physicist who had a geometrical representation named after him work in ?
louis xvi style sought to evoke the artistic styles that were just then being rediscovered in pompeii and this ancient roman town that was destroyed in what year
in what country did gildo siopaes win a bronze medal for bobsledding in the 1964 winter olympics ?
what is the translation of the name of the river on which widnes is located ?
which interviewee featured in the history of sex also hosted the radio show " sexually speaking " ?
john wickham legg was recommended by jenner for the post of medical attendant to which eighth child and youngest son of queen victoria and prince albert of saxe-coburg and gotha ?
what year was the actor that co-starred with sidney poitier in lieel nikita born ?
who was born in ireland and has coached the captain of mls club colorado rapids ?
what other two divisions of argentine forces were involved in the war with britain that incurred losses in aircraft ?
sand lake baptist church is located in a hamlet with a population of what at the 2010 census ?
the 1978 nba world championship series had as mvp which hall of fame class member of 1988 ?
in what city did charlie spiller play college football ?
the actor of professor sprout in " harry potter " acted as a mother in a sitcom . in that sitcom , what was the daughter 's name ?
the town of sinclair , west virginia , is named after the founder of the local oil drilling company . what is on sinclair oil 's famous logo ?
in what year was kasper schmeichel 's father born ?
in which year was this american figure skater , actress , and sports commentator coached by richard callaghan for olympic games , the u. s. national champion ?
in which year was this english singer , songwriter , musician , activist and a co-founder of the beatles born , whose classmate bill harry founded mersey beat at liverpool art college ?
hndrxx features a guest appearance by what canadian singer ?
" 52nd street " is a 1978 album that earned two grammy awards for which piano-playing songwriter ?
which professional footballer played for kadji sports academy as a youth and went on to be the most decorated african player of all time ?
what is the nickname of the peninsula that is home to the calabrian black squirrel ?
what is the name of the movie that srarred stev mcqueen in the orignal , and pierce brosnan in the remake ?
phillip pullman 's book set in a parallel universe featuring a character named lyra belacqua was put into audio in what year ?
who won the 2007 copa america final , with help from julio baptista ?
the first statue by benjamin victor was of a paiute activist who was born with what name ?
frank lamson-scribner was adopted by a family near which town in kennebec county ?
what test preceded operation julian before negotiations began for the coprehensive test ban treaty ?
what is the birthdate of this english actor best known for playing in harry potter and starring in the woman in black ?
the 2011 tennessee tech golden eagles football team competed in a conference with how many members competing in football ?
what film did the sound editor for a 2013 hong kong-chinese martial arts drama film based on the life story of the wing chun grandmaster ip man win two academy awards for ?
devilment finally found a stable vocalist in the founding member of which band ?
what was the capital of india when the taj mahal was commissioned ?
who 's fifth album and debut single are startin ' fires and austin respectively ?
ralph faudree served as the american equivalent to what united kingdom and australian position ?
what play was written by evgeny schwartz and directed by benno besson ?
what is unique about the forum an american poet , memoirist , and civil rights activist spoke at ?
minus the machine is the sixth studio album by a band formed in which city ?
keith konrad slettedahl appeared on which season of " how i met your mother " ?
which country refrained from participating in the 1991 baltic cup though it had participated in previous baltic cup competitions ?
from what state was the congressman who became secretary of defense and reportedly refused to promote les brownlee to secretary of the army because he was not a ceo ?
when did the cartoon network series that starred jessie usher as lyle premiere ?
sylvia cecil performed musicals by the playwright and composer of what nationality ?
the bellagio resort owned by mgm resorts international is located in which us city ?
what midfielder for west bromwich albion is michael john standing an agent for ?
what citizen was the author of bimbos of the death sun ?
palestine brigade raf was a response to which english soldier 's request for an air formation ?
what aviator participated to the transatlantic flight organized by the " heir apparent " to italian dictator benito mussolini ?
in which year did the artist who wrote hyperreal release his debut studio album ?
what was the mgm grand garden arena in which britney spears recorded fourth video album originally known as ?
the bulls–knicks rivalry involved a well known player who was how tall ?
what singer song writer born on december 13 , 1989 wears jewelry from porter lyons ?
what performing traditionally from the longest continental mountain range in the world , are grupo aymara famous for ?
what is the name of shipping magnate mærsk mc-kinney møller ' father ?
marwan hage played for a college team that sponsors how many varsity sports teams ?
where were the brothers from that manufactured the balloon in which françois laurent d'arlandes andjean-françois pilâtre de rozier made the first manned free balloon flight ?
in 2008 , the littlewoods ireland carnogie leagues sponsor known as ?
what other roles is the director of the american romantic comedy written by peter chiarelli and released in 2009 known for ?
the author of the young adult novel running before wind was the first woman to write the screenplay for which disney animated feature ?
what was unique about the attraction that was replaced by monsters , inc. laughing floor on april 2,2007 ?
which serial killer was known to start killing first , wayne boden or ted bundy ?
dana white 's tuesday night contender series premiers weekly on this subscription-based video streaming service owned by the ultimate fighting championship
this term about a playwright who lived from 1564-1616 presented what about his works ?
in which suburb of melbourne , australia did harold edward holt go missing ?
george e. blake was born in yorkshire , england , formerly known as what ?
" she 's a mystery to me " is a song on an album released in 1989 by what label ?
japanese weekend school of new york has offices in the entertainment complex in what section of new rochelle ?
in what metropolitan area is the future transfer point for the line previously designated the bi-county transitway ?
what memeber of the artistic gymanstic team known as the " final five " who won a team gold medal at the rio games was born on may 25 , 1994 ?
the retired american professional basketball player walt williams attended this institution in 1988 that is in which conference today ?
who has won the most olympic medals for figure skating , debi thomas or katarina witt ?
this expansion of the 2008 magazine article " is google making us stoopid ? " was a finalist for what award ?
what kind of ships have been named after the king of norway who ascended the throne in 1991 ?
of the companies that sponsor the british league riders championship , which is owned and operated by goodyear tire and rubber company ?
the most principle species of plants which requires an ericaceous type of compost can have what effect on its surroundings because of the way it takes up cations ?
le rêve was created by the director behind what cirque du soleil production from 1998 onward ?
what " splitting image " voice artist provided testimony in evidently ... john cooper clarke ?
who died more recently , ferdinand anton ernst porsche or ferdinand porsche
what relationship did the inventors of the technique through which plywood can be bent in three dimensions have ?
what year was the album featuring the trio made up of posdnuos , dave , and maseo , alongside lebanese-syrian rapper eslam jawaad release ?
which town near the county border with north yorkshire was this lancashire mill ( closed in 1979 and demolished ) located ?
in what california city was the first torrid location opened ?
susquehanna university and paul musser are both in what city ?
james leal greenleaf worked on a monument located where ?
which legal , autonomous north american tribal government signed its constitution in oklahoma on september 6 , 1839 ?
what is old orchard shopping center currently called ?
which tropical storm has been present in the central pacific ocean but not in the western north pacific ocean ?
who did muhummad ali fight next , in houston , after the so-called fight of the century with joe frazier ?
what year was the leeds football club , which arthur hydes played , formed ?
name a member of a british-american supergroup who recored a version of nobody 's child in 1990
isaac live schreiber , better known as live schrieber , acted in salt , a 2010 american action thriller film directed by whom ?
which is farther north , wynantskill , new york or hannaford brothers company ?
what russian marxist revolutionary born in 1875 was part of the vpered organization ?
what national hockey league ( nhl ) season saw the dallas stars finish the season in a lower position than the nashville predators ?
in which city is the parent company of sterlite industries headquartered ?
what is the home stadium where dai xianrong predominantly played ?
in what year did a movie that starred both nicholas cage and cher come out ?
what former la king and current free agent went to school at lorne atkins junior high in st albert , alberta ?
what song was on an american radio network that is owned by disney channels worldwide , inc. is a song by senegalese-american r & b and rapper akon ?
in which year was the author born that wrote about the former succubus jezebel , now the mortal jesse harris , as she tries to avoid her hellish past and learn how to be truly human ?
what position does the first vice captain of juventus play ?
which missing you actor was born august 17 1993 ?
anna camp had a recurring role in the fox series created by whom ?
what us airways pilot famously made an emergency landing on the hudson river and went on to become an aviation and safety expert for cbs news ?
in 1967 , there were how many active members in the organization whose first grand wizard was convicted for the 1966 murder of vernon dahmer ?
what military organization does ss china maru and douglas sbd dauntless have in common ?
when did the husband of william roper bornj who was also the father of margaret roper ?
stephen sondheim and thomas z. shepard both worked in the production of what genre of music ?
is ashland , new hampshire or plymouth regional high school located near the scribner-fellows state forest ?
what tony award winner directed and co-produced six by sondheim ?
who recorded the song written by johnny russell
whose real-life story was the inspiration of the film which included the song " we all die young " ?
what was the formative year for the company eventually replaced by suez canal authority ?
bill nelson flew as a payload specialist on a space shuttle launched for the first time in what year ?
the eldest daughter of princess louise of denmark and norway was the wife of a king whose motto was what ?
what old english poem commemorates the capturing of the five main towns of danish mercia ?
kent dairy round barn is near the city in what montana county ?
in the library with the lead pipe , an academic journal on topics about libraries , is abstracted and indexed by this third largest private company in birmingham , alabama ?
what year was the magazine that stanley bing spent a decade at founded in ?
what theo avgerinos movie did the actor known for the role as matt mcnamara appear in ?
who acted in the film and television series , " harry and the hendersons , " and also worked with danny glover ?
christopher de haro provided the financial backing to what portuguese explorer who organised the spanish expedition to the east indies from 1519 to 1522 ?
the ghetto that george kadish documented held how many people at its peak ?
what did the man who led sweden to military supremacy during the thirty years ' war found in 1623 ?
bobby bowden coached which former toronto blue jays minor league baseball player ?
how many years was the politician coauthor of common sense , subtitled a new constitution for britain an mp for ?
what statistical area is the suburban city that houses the charles hosmer morse museum of american art ?
what is the name of the company in independent hill , virginia that is also headquartered in houston texas ?
when was the host of the los angeles talk radio program religion on the line born ?
what city hosts an annual convention devoted to a line of toys manufactured by a company based in denmark ?
what year was the branch of military , who is credited with operation tidal wave , created ?
what albanian department is reasonbile for an international integration effort first started in 2014 ?
which american main title designer designed sequences for the founder of the sundance film festival ?
cinnamon sugar is a spice used to flavor this traditional spanish and portugese fried pastry .
the 2017 los angeles chargers season was the first season under which coach that began his professional coaching career with the denver broncos in 2000 ?
black pearl was a south korean girl group who were known to follow the steps of what norwegian pop music duo comprising marit larsen and marion raven ?
which sport has been played at the bayarena in leverkusen , germany , since 1958 ?
what are some foods that may have been served at the hawaiin cottage ?
fighting cock is produced in what kentucky county ?
giselle cossard was known as mother giselle of what type of diety ?
how many students were enrolled in american professional bowler chris barnes ' high school in the 2010-2011 school year ?
which song did eminem and rihanna collaborate on after their other collaboration song in studio album " unapologetic ? "
which player , who also played for the new jersey nets and the golden state warriors , finished third in the league with 231 three-point field goals during the 1995-96 atlanta hawks season ?
which university did the third pick by the philadelphia 76ers in the 2014 nba draft attend before he was drafted ?
calvin murphy 's record of being the shortest nba player to play in an all-star game was tied by a player who was sent to what team in 2017 ?
this annual event held in several major cities in finland is one of many all-night arts festival whose name is given to areas of high latitude in the weeks around what ?
bill woodfull opened pairing with what cricketer who died in april of 1991 ?
what actor appeared in " evening in byzantium " and was nominated for the academy award for best supporting actor in 1973 for " the heartbreak kid " ?
when was the female character that on june 9 , 2015 was promoted to a series regular first introduced on " once upon a time " ?
which olympic game featured boules and happened right before medals started to be awarded ?
which bi-annual british style magazine did tim walker regularly shoots for
mark lawrence played for the dallas stars and which other nhl team ?
what is the chemical formula of the organic material that clementines have less of than oranges ?
in what ncaa division is the team michael beasley played basketball for in college ?
the 1997–98 ucla bruins men 's basketball team lost to what team in the sweet sixteen match ?
which american band from knoxville tennessee released the album from birth to burial ?
what is name of one of the primary holders of schottenstein stores corp which was born in 1954 ?
what was the other name of the textile mill on which the mill was based on ?
what political party was the 6th governor of hawaii that passed bills to help with global warming in hawaii ?
stories usa starred which actor and comedian from " the office " ?
which magazine ranked the indian carnatic vocalist who collaborated with classical pianist anil srinivasan among 35 game changers under 35 ?
i like 'em big and stupid was a single whose b-side was played on the show of the record collector specializing in what type of music ?
who is older , jed hoyer or john william henry ii ?
what is the most populous city in the county where caleb stegall served as district attorney ?
who coined the phrase that marked the period which included sir alexander woodford 's command of the 2nd battalion of the coldstream guards at the battle of waterloo ?
when budweiser created a dog mascot to promote bud light in the 1980s , which rival brewer ( with its own character alex the dog ) were they competing with ?
who directed the nuclear war drama where rita may played jimmy kemp 's mother ?
timecamp enables what type of commercial documents from a seller to a buyer ?
james cromwell stars in which movie that chronicles the life of thoroughbred race horse ?
in which city were the olympic games held in which willi meurer competed in the individual and team road race events ?
with which american musician , singer-songwriter , and multi-instrumentalist from berklee college of music did jonny browning collaborate ?
what was the breakthrough role of the actor starring in good boy ! and was a native of atlanta ?
what is the nationality of the man who finished second for art grand pix in the 2016 baku gp2 series round ?
kim english was selected by the pistons during the draft held at what location ?
vasily agapkin 's most well-known march was written in honor of what event ?
evan buliung played the character aragon who is based on a character in a book series written by which author ?
what is the last name of the singer behind southern child ?
when did the uvf mid-ulster brigade conducted the attack the miami showband killings ?
this stadium , the largest in eastern europe , was home to the 1998 iaaf grand prix final . how many seats does it have ?
what revolutionary group was writer mary williams raised by before being adopted by director of the peace and justice resource center in los angeles county tom hayden ?
in what city is the mortgage lending company , founded by dan gilbert , headquartered ?
devorah adler worked as director of research for a 2008 presidential candidate , who served until when in the u.s. senate ?
the toyota fj cruiser is built by this toyota subsidiary which is a leading producer of what type of trucks in asia ?
when did the animated series kent scott wrote end after beginning in september of 2002 on " nick on cbs " ?
a sparse image is used by the filevault feature in mac os x in versions later than which ?
steven covey , the father of sean covey , wrote what similar sounding title to the 7 habits of highly effective teens ?
actor david lee stenstrom played the character waldo the inventor in a tv show that ran on nickelodeon during what yeras ?
who is the grandfather to frederick ii and was the holy roman emperor until death ?
which " roseanne " star is in scream 2 ?
what is the name of the largest shopping center in the city of tea tree gully ?
50th military airlift squadron was stationed at this base named in honor of who
who is the wife of the actor who played derrick banning in eastenders in 1996 ?
the revue putting it together was devised by stephen sondheim and what actress best known as miss marple ?
what city was the chapel that princess anne got married in located ?
where does śivarāma swami conduct courses on vaishnava theology ?
when did the american rock singer which performed recorded covers died
where is the ice hockey team based that zdeno chára currently serving as captain of ?
which canadian professional ice hockey player of albanian origin bought in on the deal for the ontario raiders ?
atlanta zero mile post is located within a historic area opened in what year ?
the role of " celene " in the film " walk all over me " was played by an actress that voices what role in the " starcraft 2 " triolgy ?
lollipop chainsaw featured juliet starling , who was voiced by a canadian-american actress who has done voice roles for what teen titans spinoff series ?
in what county are the wichita wild based in ?
what division are the 2013 valdosta state blazers football team and the gulf south conference a part of ?
what pop band features an argentine actress that appeared in the television series " chiquititas " ?
which country is the firm that owns babycham located ?
when was the producer of michel'le born ?
how many indians were killed in the massacre that " kyáiyótokan " was a survivor of ?
who was born first , yanka dyagileva or alexander bashlachev ?
which south african anti-apartheid archbishop was part of the actions against the ruling national party government ?
who was the personal assistant to general of the armies john joseph " black jack " pershing during world war i ?
the teaching method that maggie gripenberg was the first to introduce to finland is used to teach what ?
what dance competition television series features host and nfl reporter erin andrews ?
which tv series , written by the creators of robocalypse , is set in bikini bottom ?
what music school did the singer of the search for everything : wave one attend ?
which 2003 action-adventure platforming video game was written by reid harrison ?
what country are mudvayne and hellyeah both from ?
tyler redenbach was selected 77th overall by the phoenix coyotes in an nhl draft that was held in what city ?
what religion was the martyr to whom the lady of the valey statue is dedicated ?
the 2004 romantic drama film based on shake'spears play of the same name was produced by whom ?
the motion picture soundtrack the woman in red featured this american singer who became a united nations ambassador for what organization ?
which retired argentine footballer who played as a forward was a main player for valencia cf ?
telescope hill is near the hamlet that is in what suffolk county , new york town ?
lee sung-jae stars in the film barking dogs never bite which is what film genre ?
which austrian writer and journalist introduced the term " journaille "
what did the american writer who wrote into thin air primarily known for in his writings
in 2014 , the co-operative bank planned to launch a train service in wiltshire called go-op . where is the bank headquartered
who owns and operates the location where roh 13th anniversary show took place ?
what 2015 british-canadian-irish romantic drama was finola dwyer a producer of ?
where is the county seat for people living in henderson point , mississippi ?
crucible is a geodemography computer system created by a company that has stores in how many countries ?
the 1994 " the shadow " co-stars lone , penelope ann miller , peter boyle , jonathan winters , tim curry and an actor that has received how many emmy award nominations ?
how many people were killed in the collapse of the bridge featured in the drama film , the public domain ?
in what city does the most successful american and international five-and-dime business have a historic building ?
the screenplay for alain resnais ' second film is who ?
how long was the career of the actor in the skull ?
who was the military commander of the last active ruler of the ptolemaic kingdom of egypt ?
in what year was the american country rock band who 's number one song was done as a cover on the album " what if ? " founded ?
when was the town emma gramatica given its current name ?
jonathan groff was 30 years old when he appeared in a historical musical written by whom ?
which english former professional footballer ho played as a centre-back , did chris jones played with
who was born first , kwok kin pong or edison chen ?
wapping has the oldest riverside tavern , dating back from when ?
what type of diet does the author of eat to live : the amazing nutrient-rich program for fast and sustained weight loss advocate ?
what animation company produced the first season of an animated television series co-created by jorge aguirre ?
what former two-weight world champion is represented by boxing managed ziggy rozalski ?
what color was the dog that socks had conflicts with ?
renamed in 2014 , what was the vehicle offered as a prize to contestants on the first season of the amazing race canada ?
the mulga apple is is often eaten by people who genetic research has inferred a date of habitation as early as when ?
which of the office buildings used to staff the white house used to be known as the state , war , and navy building ?
which style is the building located on the east side of midtown manhattan that robert von ancken appraised ?
which aircraft engine powers a general dynamics aircraft of which over 4500 have been built ?
elizabeth austin wrote for a fitness magazine founded by who ?
where was the father of the jackson , mississippi mayor elected in 2017 born ?
what is the city where orville siegfried went to college and that is located in jackson county ?
terence richard " terry " norris starred in a 2007 australian drama film that was directed by richard roxburgh , and was based on a memoir by who ?
until what year did the chief of justice of the supreme court that administered the presidential oath of office to abraham lincoln on his first inauguration as the 16th president of the united states hold that office ?
who is the mother of the texas business man that co-founded ignite ! learning , inc ?
the maternal grandmother of princess marie cécile of prussia was born in which year ?
who was the artist that recorded a duet in 1985 for the cbs tv series 'dallas ' with an artist that was born in 1951 and has twenty # 1 hits ?
the city where alex shevelev died is the capital of what region ?
in what year was the uprising that marred john p. buchanan 's term as governor ignited ?
who was the brother of the wife of the democratic party nomination for vice president in 1972 ?
when copsi was made earl of northumbria he went back to reside in a town at the confluence of which two rivers ?
what pakistani actor and writer from islamabad helped write for the 2012 pakistani comedy drama sitcom , " coke kahani " ?
blackfin is a family of processors developed by the company that is headquartered in what city ?
